=== PAGE 3 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Here is the extracted text content from the PDF page, preserving the original layout and structure:

UCLA Health

New imaging test accurately detects
prostate-cancer cells throughout the body

(Image: A smiling elderly African American man with a beard and glasses is shown from the chest up, looking slightly to the left of the viewer. He is wearing a light blue t-shirt. The background is blurred, showing what appears to be an outdoor scene with a clear sky and possibly some distant buildings or trees. The image takes up the majority of the left column and extends into the right column.)

                                                               PSMA-PET imaging
                                                               better detects
                                                               recurrences

                                                               Thirty percent of patients treated
                                                               for prostate cancer — and more
                                                               than 50 percent in high-risk cases
                                                               — eventually develop potentially
                                                               life-threatening recurrences, which
                                                               are often detected when their
                                                               prostate-specific antigen levels start
                                                               rising on routine blood tests.

                                                               Unfortunately, standard imaging
                                                               tests aren't good at determining
                                                               where cancer cells are located,
                                                               says Robert E. Reiter, MD, Bing
                                                               Professor of Urologic Oncology
                                                               and director of UCLA's prostate
                                                               cancer program. "For the past
                                                               20 years, I've had to tell patients
                                                               with recurrences that I don't
                                                               know where the cancer is located,"
                                                               Dr. Reiter says. "We've been blind,
                                                               basically."

                                                               Since PSMA-PET imaging
                                                               became available at UCLA in
                                                               September, patients now have
                                                               a new option that's better at
                                                               detecting the location of prostate-
                                                               cancer recurrences. "With this
                                                               test, cancer cells light up like
                                                               lightbulbs on a Christmas tree,"
                                                               says Johannes Czernin, MD,
                                                               chief of the UCLA Ahmanson
                                                               Translational Imaging Division.

                                                               "This test has had a tremendous
                                                               and immediate impact on
                                                               prostate-cancer patients," Dr.
                                                               Reiter adds. "They can really
                                                               benefit from this."

There are about 3 million American men currently living with prostate cancer — and
220,000 new cases diagnosed each year — making it the most common cancer affecting
this population. Although cure rates are generally very good, detecting cancer cells that
have spread or recurred outside the pelvic region has been an area of weakness in caring
for prostate-cancer patients.

To address this issue, UCLA is now the first medical center in Southern California —
and one of only a handful across the country — to offer 68Ga-PSMA PET/CT imaging,
which can detect prostate-cancer cells anywhere in the body more accurately than
traditional methods.

About 68Ga-PSMA PET/CT imaging
68Ga-PSMA PET/CT imaging, or PSMA-PET imaging for short, represents a major
advance in detecting prostate cancer. First developed in Germany about three years
ago, it's been offered in a UCLA nuclear medicine clinic as part of a diagnostic clinical
trial since September 2016. Because it isn't approved by the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration, this imaging test is not covered by insurance.

UCLAHEALTH.ORG 1-800-UCLA-MD1 (1-800-825-2631)
