=== PAGE 1 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Here is the extracted text content from the PDF page, preserving its original layout and structure:

UCLA Health | myUCLAhealth | School of Medicine | Select Language
UCLA Health                                                                 Search this site...      (magnifying glass icon)
                                                                           UCLA Urology

About Us       Clinical Programs       Conditions Treated       For Patients       Research       Education       For Healthcare          Physician
                                                                                                      Professionals         Directory

Prostate Cancer

(Facebook icon)
(Twitter icon)
(YouTube icon)
(Instagram icon)
(Google+ icon)
(LinkedIn icon)

Prostate Cancer
  Find a Doctor
  Diagnosis >
  PSMA-PET Imaging
  Symptoms and Risk Factors
  Types of Prostate Cancer
  Treatment >
  Clinical Trials >
  Research >
  Institute of Urologic Oncology
  Educational Materials >
  Webinars, Videos & Patient Stories

(Facebook icon)
(Twitter icon)
(YouTube icon)
(Instagram icon)
(Google+ icon)
(LinkedIn icon)

(Facebook icon)
(Twitter icon)
(YouTube icon)
(Instagram icon)
(Google+ icon)
(LinkedIn icon)

Home > Clinical Programs > Prostate Cancer > PSMA-PET Imaging

Prostate Cancer Imaging: PSMA-PET
Imaging for Prostate Cancer

Affiliated: Find a Doctor | Symptoms | Diagnosis | Treatment

PSMA-PET Imaging for Prostate Cancer

Advanced Imaging Technique for the Detection and Visualization of Metastatic
Prostate Cancer In Newly Diagnosed Prostate Cancer Patients and those with Recurrent Prostate Cancer

Thirty percent of patients treated for prostate cancer — and more than 50 percent in high-risk cases — eventually develop
potentially life-threatening recurrences, which are often detected when their prostate-specific antigen levels start rising
abnormally. However, conventional imaging tests aren't good at determining where cancer cells are located.

What is PSMA-PET, also known as 68Ga-PSMA PET/CT?

68Ga-PSMA PET/CT Imaging, or PSMA-PET Imaging for short, represents a major advance in detecting prostate cancer. At
UCLA, with the availability of PSMA-PET imaging patients now have a new option of detecting prostate cancer cells
anywhere in the body more accurately than traditional methods. The PSMA-PET Imaging test is currently being offered in
a UCLA nuclear medicine clinic as part of a diagnostic clinical trial.

How does PSMA-PET imaging work?

The PSMA-PET Imaging test works by marking an antigen receptor that sits on the surface of every prostate cancer cell,
called PSMA, with a radioactive peptide, Gallium-68. This process allows the cancer cells to be detected wherever they
are located, including outside of the pelvic region.

What are the benefits of PSMA-PET imaging for the diagnosis of prostate cancer recurrence?

PSMA-PET imaging offers high sensitivity and specificity. Because the test looks specifically for the antigen that sits on
prostate cancer cells, it finds these cancer cells wherever they are located. PSMA-PET allows our UCLA team of doctors to
make more informed treatment decisions.

How is PSMA-PET imaging for the diagnosis of prostate cancer
performed?

The procedure is similar to other PET/CT scans. The patient is given an
intravenous injection of the radioisotope (68Ga), followed an hour later by an
intravenous injection of contrast dye for the CT portion of the PET/CT scan.
The actual scan time is about 20 minutes. There are no common side effects
or significant risks, and the procedure takes a maximum of two hours from
start to finish.

UCLA Expertise in PSMA-PET imaging

A multidisciplinary team of UCLA physicians are the study investigators for the
first U.S.-based PSMA-PET diagnostic clinical trial that began in September
2016. The results of the study will be submitted to a Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) panel. The team of UCLA experts include: Johannes
Czernin, MD, Professor of Molecular and Medical Pharmacology and Chief
of the UCLA Ahmanson Translational Imaging Division; Robert F. Reiter, MD, Bing
Professor of Urologic Oncology and Director, UCLA Prostate Cancer Program;
Martin Allen-Auerbach, MD, Director of Nuclear Medicine and Professor of Molecular and Medical Pharmacology; Matthew
Rettig, MD, Professor of Medicine, Hematology-Oncology.

Share this
(Facebook icon) (Twitter icon) (Google+ icon) (LinkedIn icon) (Email icon) (Print icon)

REQUEST AN APPOINTMENT

Phone: (310) 794-7700

(Image: A vertical rectangular image shows a man with gray hair and a beard, wearing a light blue collared shirt, sitting outdoors in a sunny setting with trees in the background. To the right of the man is text, only partially legible, and a small "UCLA Health" logo at the top. The legible text directly on the image reads "New imaging test accurately detects prostate-cancer cells throughout the body".)
Major Advance in Detecting
Prostate Cancer
A new Imaging test, PSMA-PET,
accurately detects prostate cancer
cells throughout the body and
better detects prostate cancer
recurrences.

"With this test, cancer cells light up like lightbulbs on a Christmas tree," says Johannes Czernin, MD, chief of the
UCLA Ahmanson Translational Imaging Division. "This test has had a tremendous and immediate impact on prostate
cancer patients," says Dr. Reiter, director of UCLA's prostate cancer program. "They can really benefit from this."

New Method for Detecting and Managing Prostate Cancer

UCLA urologist Robert Reiter, MD, presented a live-streaming webinar to
discuss Ga-PSMA PET CT, a new method for detection and visualization of
metastatic prostate cancer not previously visible with conventional and
molecular imaging techniques. Ga-PSMA PET CT is now offered at UCLA and
offers patients improvement of recurrent and high-risk cancers.
View webinar video >

(Image: A horizontal rectangular image shows a man in a white lab coat, likely Robert Reiter, MD, standing to the right of a large screen. The screen displays a bar chart titled "Detection rates in BCR stratified by PSA-values" and what appears to be a video player interface with a play button.)
