=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Colin Vechery, PharmD
Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation
NDA 209092/MA 1344

Page 2

*   an aromatase inhibitor as initial endocrine-based therapy; or
*   fulvestrant as initial endocrine-based therapy or following disease progression on
    endocrine therapy in postmenopausal women or in men.

Kisqali is associated with a number of risks, and the PI includes warnings and precautions
regarding interstitial lung disease/pneumonitis, severe cutaneous adverse reactions, QT
interval prolongation, increased QT prolongation with concomitant use of tamoxifen,
hepatobiliary toxicity, neutropenia, and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most commonly reported
adverse reactions, including laboratory abnormalities, are leukocytes decreased, neutrophils
decreased, hemoglobin decreased, lymphocytes decreased, aspartate aminotransferase
increased, gamma glutamyl transferase increased, alanine aminotransferase increased,
infections, nausea, creatine increased, fatigue, platelets decreased, diarrhea, vomiting,
headache, constipation, alopecia, cough, rash, back pain, and glucose serum decreased.

**False or Misleading Benefit Presentation**

Prescription drug advertisements and labeling (promotional communications) misbrand a
drug if they are false or misleading with respect to benefits. The determination of whether a
promotional communication is misleading includes, among other things, not only
representations made or suggested in the promotional communication, but also the extent to
which the promotional communication fails to reveal facts material in light of the
representations made or with respect to consequences that may result from the use of the
drug as recommended or suggested in the promotional communication.

The TV ad includes the following claims:

*   Voice over (VO) frames eight and nine: “And KISQALI helps preserve quality of life so
    you’re not just living, you’re living well.”
*   GRAPHIC frames eight and nine: “PRESERVES QUALITY OF LIFE”
*   Superimposed text (SUPER) frame nine: “Quality of life was a secondary outcome
    measure of the trial. At a 26-month check-in, median time to worsening of at least
    10% in quality of life score was 27.7 months with KISQALI + letrozole vs 27.6 months
    with placebo + letrozole. This analysis was not pre-planned to detect a false positive.”

The claims that Kisqali “preserves quality of life” and that patients taking the drug are “living
well” create a misleading impression that Kisqali has demonstrated a benefit on the patient
reported outcome (PRO)³ measure of global quality of life⁴ (QoL). In fact, we note significant

³ A PRO is any report of the status of a patient’s health condition that comes directly from the patient, without
interpretation of the patient’s response by a clinician or anyone else.

⁴ Global QoL (i.e., global health status) is a component of the European Organization for Research and
Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life Questionnaire (EORTC QLQ-C30). Global QoL is a summary score which
measures a patient’s perception of their overall health and/or overall quality of life in a given timeframe.

Reference ID: 5312143
