=== PAGE 5 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Colin Vechery, PharmD
Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation
NDA 209092/MA 1344

Page 5

more than twice the number of words, on average, than an adult can read within 5 seconds.
Moreover, during the 5-second period that the SUPER appears, there are multiple competing
audio and visual presentations. The audio states, “KISQALI is a pill proven to help women
live longer when taken with an aromatase inhibitor. And KISQALI helps preserve quality of
life…”; music plays in the background; the visuals include a scene change starting with three
women by a lake and then changing to two adults and two children on a staircase; and
GRAPHICs with the claims “HELPS WOMEN LIVE LONGER” appear on frame seven and
“PRESERVES QUALITY OF LIFE” appear on frame eight in a much larger type size and
more central location on the screen than the SUPER with the material information.

Overall, by presenting compelling and attention-grabbing visuals as well as information in
other competing modalities during the presentation of the SUPER, which itself is presented in
a manner that would not allow most viewers to read, process, and comprehend the material
information it presents, the TV ad misleadingly undermines the communication of material
information about the drug's efficacy.

**Conclusion and Requested Action**

For the reasons discussed above, the TV ad misbrands Kisqali within the meaning of the
FD&C Act and makes its distribution violative. 21 U.S.C. 352 (n); 321(n); 331(a). 21 CFR
202.1(e)(5).

This letter notifies you of our concerns and provides you with an opportunity to address them.
OPDP requests that Novartis cease any violations of the FD&C Act. Please submit a written
response to this letter within 15 working days from the date of receipt, addressing the
concerns described in this letter, listing all promotional communications (with the 2253
submission date) for Kisqali that contain representations like those described above, and
explaining any plan for discontinuing use of such communications, or for ceasing distribution
of Kisqali.

If you believe that your products are not in violation of the FD&C Act, please include in your
submission to us your reasoning and any supporting information for our consideration within
15 working days from the date of receipt of this letter.

The concerns discussed in this letter do not necessarily constitute an exhaustive list of
potential violations. It is your responsibility to ensure compliance with each applicable
requirement of the FD&C Act and FDA implementing regulations.

Please direct your response to the undersigned at the Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Office of Prescription Drug Promotion, 5901-
B Ammendale Road, Beltsville, Maryland 20705-1266. A courtesy copy can be sent by
facsimile to (301) 847-8444. Please refer to MA 1344 in addition to the NDA number in all
future correspondence relating to this particular matter. All correspondence should include a
subject line that clearly identifies the submission as a Response to Untitled Letter. You are

Reference ID: 5312143
