=== PAGE 4 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Colin Vechery, PharmD                                                               Page 4
Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation
NDA 209092/MA 1344

who have cancer progression may go on to another treatment. Such patients would not
complete subsequent QoL assessments. This information regarding discontinuation or
switching therapies would not be captured as meeting the definition of deterioration used in
your study, which could have resulted in missing data that skewed the QoL results.

Finally, we note that the claim that Kisqali “helps preserve quality of life so . . . [patients] are
living well” presupposes that patients are “living well” at trial baseline (i.e., before they begin
treatment with Kisqali), which is not necessarily the case for patients living with metastatic
breast cancer and who have received prior lines of therapy. The exploratory PRO analyses
in MONALEESA-2 were not designed to capture the concept of “living well.” Therefore,
claims that patients who are taking Kisqali are “living well” are unsupported.

We note the statement in the SUPER on frame nine that “[t]his analysis was not pre-planned
to detect a false positive”; however, this is not sufficient to mitigate the overall misleading
impression created by the presentation of the PRO claims and data.

Frame seven of the TV ad includes prominent claims and presentations in the voice over and
graphic that patients taking Kisqali will “live longer.” Similar claims and presentations on
frames 3, 4, 5, 6, 20, and 21 also focus on benefits of “living longer,” “[l]ong live family time,”
“[l]ong live dreams,” “long live you,” “[l]ong live hugs and kisses,” and “long live life” when
patients are treated with Kisqali. The bottom of frames seven and eight include a SUPER
that qualifies these claims, which states:

        Overall survival (OS) is a secondary end point of the trial. Overall survival (OS) is
        the length of time patients are alive from the start of treatment. At an 80-month check-
        in, median OS was 63.9 months for KISQALI + an NSAI [non-steroidal aromatase
        inhibitor] vs 51.4 months for an NSAI alone.

However, the presentation of the SUPER is undermined by multiple, competing
presentational aspects that distract the viewer from material information about the benefits of
Kisqali and, therefore, creates a misleading impression about the drug’s efficacy.
Specifically, the presentational aspects of the TV ad undermine the communication of
material information regarding the overall survival data in the SUPER, which is needed to
qualify the amount of time that patients can expect to “live longer” when treated with Kisqali
plus an NSAI compared to an NSAI alone.

The SUPER that includes the material information for the “long live” and “live longer” claims
in the ad presents 48 words in approximately 5 seconds, which translates to a reading speed
of 576 words per minute (wpm). A recent review and meta-analysis found that the average
silent reading rate for adults in English is 238 wpm for uninterrupted non-fiction reading, with
most adults falling in a range of 175 to 300 wpm.⁷ The number of words in the SUPER is

⁷ Brysbaert, Marc. (2019). How many words do we read per minute? A review and meta-analysis of reading
rate. 10.31234/osf.io/xynwg.

Reference ID: 5312143
