=== PAGE 3 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Colin Vechery, PharmD
Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation
NDA 209092/MA 1344

                                                                                                       Page 3

limitations to the PRO analysis described in the cited reference⁵ (the MONALEESA-2 clinical
trial) which preclude the drawing of such conclusions regarding benefits related to QoL.⁶
Specifically, while PROs for health-related QoL were included in the trial as secondary
endpoints, there was no alpha-allocation, and, therefore, no specified false positive error rate, it is not known whether the QoL outcome data
represents a false positive finding that occurred by chance alone. The PRO data in the cited
references are, therefore, considered exploratory (i.e., hypothesis generating), and they do
not, as you have claimed, demonstrate that Kisqali “helps preserve quality of life” or that it
supports patients’ “living well.”

The SUPER on frame nine presents 26-month check-in data from MONALEESA-2. The
presentation of these data creates a misleading impression regarding the benefits of Kisqali
because of the significant limitations to the PRO analysis performed in the MONALEESA-2
trial. First, you have not demonstrated that the PRO assessments were frequent enough to
collect data to support the claims regarding QoL at the 26-month check-in. Specifically, in
MONALEESA-2, global QoL was assessed only every eight weeks for the first 18 months and
then every 12 weeks thereafter. You have not accounted for concerns that QoL could
fluctuate significantly between these assessment points and that in the context of patients
with advanced or metastatic breast cancer, variations in QoL across the assessment period
may be greater than in the general population. There was no assessment to demonstrate the
appropriateness of the intervals used to assess global QoL in this study and, additionally, the
fact that the measurement tool included only a seven-day recall period (i.e., patients were
only asked about their QoL in the past seven days) means that patients’ perceptions of their
QoL *outside* of that seven-day period likely were not captured. Second, these claims are
based on the PRO endpoint of global QoL, which can be confounded by non-treatment and
non-disease related factors such as non-cancer related health conditions (e.g., gout,
migraines), personal difficulties (e.g., loss of loved one), and/or acute events unrelated to
cancer or treatment (e.g., a car accident). Because the study was not designed to account
for these potential confounding factors, the outcome may reflect elements of a patient’s QoL
that are not directly related to the disease and treatment being studied. Third, the study
measured global QoL based on a 10% deterioration threshold with no confirmation of or
justification for a 10% decrease in global health score being a meaningful deterioration
specifically for patients with metastatic breast cancer who are undergoing treatment. Lastly,
you have not demonstrated that the time to deterioration endpoint, as assessed in this trial, is
appropriate for evaluating PROs. For example, you have not accounted for the potential that
patients who experience a persistent decrease in QoL may stop taking the drug, and patients

⁵ MONALEESA-2 Clinical Trial. See: https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT01958021 (accessed January 17, 2024)

⁶ We note that FDA encourages thoughtful inclusion of patient-reported outcomes in the design and conduct of
clinical trials, where appropriate. See, for example, FDA’s Guidance for Industry: Patient-Reported Outcome
Measures: Use in Medical Product Development to Support Labeling Claims; FDA Patient-Focused Drug
Development Guidance Series for Enhancing the Incorporation of the Patient’s Voice in Medical Product
Development and Regulatory Decision Making; and the Draft Guidance for Industry: Core Patient-Reported
Outcomes in Cancer Clinical Trials.

Reference ID: 5312143
