=== PAGE 1 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES
                                                              Public Health Service

Food and Drug Administration
Silver Spring, MD 20993

Colin Vechery, PharmD
Senior Global Program Manager, Regulatory Affairs
Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation
One Health Plaza
East Hanover, NJ 07936-1080

RE: NDA 209092
     KISQALI® (ribociclib) tablets, for oral use
     MA 1344

Dear Dr. Vechery:

The Office of Prescription Drug Promotion (OPDP) of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has reviewed the promotional communication, a direct-to-consumer broadcast
advertisement (TV ad), “KISQALI_MBC_Long Live-Post Meno_US_11.22” for KISQALI®
(ribociclib) tablets, for oral use (Kisqali) submitted by Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation
(Novartis) under cover of Form FDA 2253. The TV ad makes false or misleading
representations about the efficacy of Kisqali. Thus, the TV ad misbrands Kisqali within the
meaning of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) and makes its distribution
violative. 21 U.S.C. 352 (n); 321(n); 331(a); 21 CFR 202.1(e)(5). This violation is
particularly concerning because the overstated representations about Kisqali’s efficacy could
lead patients with advanced or metastatic breast cancer, an incurable condition whose
treatment involves serious risks, to believe that Kisqali has been shown to be more effective
in treating their condition and symptoms (e.g., with respect to overall survival and quality of
life) than was actually demonstrated. Breast cancer is a serious public health concern in the
United States with 297,790 new cases and 43,170 deaths estimated in 2023 in female
patients. 1

Background

Below are the indications and summary of the most serious and common risks associated
with the use of Kisqali. 2 According to the INDICATIONS AND USAGE section of the FDA-
approved Prescribing Information (PI):

      KISQALI is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with hormone receptor (HR)-
      positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative advanced or
      metastasic breast cancer in combination with:

---
**Visual Element Description:**

At the top left of the page, there is a circular logo or seal. Inside the circle, there is a stylized bird or eagle-like figure with outstretched wings. The text "DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES" is positioned to the right of this logo. The text "DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES USA" curves along the outer edge of the circle, with "USA" at the top right.
---

1
  National Cancer Institute: Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results Program. See:
https://seer.cancer.gov/statfacts/html/breast.html.

2
  This information is for background purposes only and does not necessarily represent the risk information that
should be included in the promotional piece cited in this letter.

Reference ID: 5312143
