=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Peter Honig, MD, MPH
Pfizer Inc.
NDA 020472/MA 275

Page 2

This product is associated with a number of serious risks. The PI for the drug contains
BOXED WARNINGS for endometrial cancer, cardiovascular disorders, breast cancer, and
probable dementia. Estring is contraindicated in women with undiagnosed abnormal genital
bleeding; known, suspected, or history of breast cancer; known or suspected estrogen-
dependent neoplasia; active deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, or a history of
these conditions; active arterial thromboembolic disease (for example, stroke and myocardial
infarction), or a history of these conditions; known anaphylactic reaction or angioedema or
hypersensitivity to Estring; known liver impairment or disease; known protein C, protein S, or
antithrombin deficiency, or other known thrombophilic disorders; and known or suspected
pregnancy. The PI for Estring includes Warnings regarding ovarian cancer, gallbladder
disease, hypercalcemia, visual abnormalities, and hereditary angioedema. It also contains
Precautions regarding addition of a progestin when a woman has not had a hysterectomy,
elevated blood pressure, hypertriglyceridemia, past history of cholestatic jaundice,
hypothyroidism, hypocalcemia, fluid retention, exacerbation of endometriosis, exacerbation of
other conditions, location of Estring, vaginal irritation, and vaginal infection. In addition, the
most common adverse reactions reported with Estring were headache, leukorrhea, back
pain, upper respiratory tract infection, arthritis, insomnia, abdominal pain, sinusitis, vaginal
hemorrhage, arthralgia, nausea, and flu-like symptoms.

**False or Misleading Risk Presentation**

Promotional materials misbrand a drug if they are false or misleading with respect to risk.
The determination of whether promotional materials are misleading includes, among other
things, not only representations made or suggested in promotional materials, but also failure
to reveal facts material in light of the representations made or with respect to consequences
that may result from the use of the drug as recommended or suggested in the materials.

The video, which features a physician and one of her patients, both of whom are
spokespeople for Pfizer as acknowledged in the video,⁴ contains claims and/or
representations about the benefits of Estring. However, the video fails to communicate any
risk information about the product. We acknowledge that in the video the Physician
Spokesperson refers women to askforthering.com and to their healthcare provider for
additional information. However, this does not mitigate the omission of the risk information
from the video. By omitting the risks associated with Estring, the video fails to provide
material information about the consequences that may result from the use of the drug and
creates a misleading impression about the drug’s safety. This misleading presentation is
especially problematic from a public health perspective given the serious and potentially life-
threatening risks associated with the drug.

Additionally, when the Patient Spokesperson is directly asked by the interviewer about “side
effects,” she replies, “I do not experience any side effects. I’m, for me, I, I was able to just
feel relief.” While the Patient Spokesperson’s statements may be an accurate reflection of
her own experience as an Estring-treated individual, these statements misleadingly suggest
that patients using Estring will have similar results and will not experience side effects, further
exacerbating the misleading impression created by the omission of risk information. The

⁴ We note that the document titled, “ESTRING® (estradiol vaginal ring) 2 mg SMT/RMT Q&A” (emphasis
original) submitted on Form FDA 2253 also states, “Both spokespeople will be trained to say they are here on
behalf of Pfizer in each interview” (emphasis original).

Reference ID: 4280161
