=== PAGE 1 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Here is the extracted text content from the PDF page, preserving its original layout, spacing, and structure:

(Image of the Department of Health & Human Services seal, featuring a stylized eagle with text curving around it saying "DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES • USA")

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES                               Public Health Service

                                                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                                                     Silver Spring, MD 20993

TRANSMITTED BY FACSIMILE

Korie Osborn
Director, Regulatory Affairs
Azurity Pharmaceuticals Inc.
841 Woburn Street
Wilmington, MA 01887

RE: NDA 208400
     XATMEP® (methotrexate) oral solution
     MA 50

Dear Ms. Osborn:

The Office of Prescription Drug Promotion (OPDP) of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has reviewed the healthcare professional email (XTM-27) for XATMEP® (methotrexate)
oral solution (Xatmep) submitted by Azurity Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Azurity) under cover of
Form FDA 2253. The email makes false or misleading claims and/or representations about
the risks and efficacy associated with Xatmep. Thus, the email misbrands Xatmep within the
meaning of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) and makes its distribution
violative. 21 U.S.C. 352(a), (n); 321(n); 331(a). See 21 CFR 202.1(e)(3)(i); (e)(5); (e)(7)(viii).
These violations are especially concerning from a public health perspective because they
create a misleading impression about the safety and effectiveness of Xatmep, a drug used in
a vulnerable pediatric patient population and that bears a Boxed Warning due to the
possibility of serious and life-threatening risks.

Background

Below are the indications and summary of the most serious and most common risks
associated with the use of Xatmep.¹ According to the INDICATIONS AND USAGE section
of the FDA-approved product labeling (PI) (in pertinent part):

         XATMEP is indicated for the treatment of pediatric patients with acute lymphoblastic
         leukemia (ALL) as part of a multi-phase, combination chemotherapy maintenance
         regimen.

Xatmep is associated with a number of serious risks. According to the PI, Xatmep contains
a Boxed Warning that describes severe toxic reactions, including embryo-fetal toxicity.

Xatmep is contraindicated in patients who are pregnant with non-malignant diseases or who

¹ This information is for background purposes only and does not necessarily represent the risk information that
should be included in the promotional piece(s) cited in this letter.

Reference ID: 4707067
