=== PAGE 4 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Korie Osborn
Azurity Pharmaceuticals Inc.
NDA 208400/MA 50

                                                                      Page 4

OPDP requests that Azurity immediately cease any violations of the FD&C Act. Please
submit a written response to this letter on or before December 8, 2020, addressing the
concerns described in this letter, listing all promotional materials (with the 2253 submission
date) for Xatmep that contain representations described above, and explaining your plan for
discontinuing use of such materials. If you believe that your products are not in violation of
the FD&C Act, include your reasoning and any supporting information for our consideration.

Please direct your response to the undersigned at the **Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Office of Prescription Drug Promotion, 5901-
B Ammendale Road, Beltsville, Maryland 20705-1266**. A courtesy copy can be sent by
facsimile to (301) 847-8444. To ensure timely delivery of your submissions, please use the
full address above and include a prominent directional notation (e.g. a sticker) to indicate that
the submission is intended for OPDP. Please refer to MA 50 in addition to the NDA number
in all future correspondence relating to this particular matter. All correspondence should
include a subject line that clearly identifies the submission as a Response to Untitled Letter.

The issues discussed in this letter do not necessarily constitute an exhaustive list of potential
violations. It is your responsibility to ensure that your promotional materials for Xatmep
comply with each applicable requirement of the FD&C Act and FDA implementing
regulations.

                                                            Sincerely,

                                      {See appended electronic signature page}

                                      Trung-Hieu Brian Tran, PharmD, MBA
                                      Team Leader
                                      Division of Advertising & Promotion Review 1
                                      Office of Prescription Drug Promotion
Reference ID: 4707067
