=== PAGE 4 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Colleen Matkowski
Aclaris Therapeutics, Inc.
NDA 209305/MA 56

Page 4

comprehend the common side effects disclosed in the SUPERs. Therefore, the information
in the SUPERs is not sufficient to mitigate the misleading impression created by the claims
and presentations that suggest that patients can experience stinging as Eskata is applied
with no other local adverse reactions during or after application of Eskata.

These claims and presentations, the omission of the warnings and precautions, and the lack
of prominent, balancing risk information create a misleading impression regarding Eskata
treatment and minimize the risks of the product.

**False or Misleading Claims about Efficacy**

In the video, the Physician Spokesperson makes the following claims (underlined emphasis
added):

* "And, typically in one or two treatments the lesions go away, they resolve, and
  that’s the end of it.”

* "So, you can see from the before and after, what it looks like.”

These claims are followed by presentations of side-by-side, before and after, visual images
that contain photographs of 2 patients, 1 with "before” photographs depicting approximately
10 lesions, and the other with "before” photographs depicting 2 lesions. Both patients
depicted have no visible lesions in the “after” photographs that illustrate the final results at
Day 106 for these Eskata-treated individuals.

These claims and presentations misleadingly represent that the typical patient treated with
Eskata will experience similar results, i.e., complete clearance of all treated SK lesions.
While the images for these two patients may be an accurate reflection of their own
experiences as Eskata-treated individuals, the personal experience of these two patients
does not adequately support the suggestion that patients treated with Eskata will typically
achieve complete clearance of their SK lesions. According to the CLINICAL STUDIES
section of the PI, only 4% and 8% of subjects treated with Eskata achieved clearance of 4 out
of 4 SK lesions at Day 106 in clinical studies 1 and 2, respectively. If you have data to
support claims and presentations that patients treated with Eskata will typically experience
complete resolution of their SK lesions that are raised, please submit such data to FDA for
review.

We acknowledge that the SUPER presented in conjunction with these claims and
presentations includes the proportion of patients treated with Eskata versus vehicle who
achieved clearance of 3 out of 4 lesions at Day 106, and also discloses that individual results
may vary. However, this SUPER is the same one described previously, and also presents
the most common side effects of Eskata in addition to the efficacy information. Furthermore,
the SUPERs are presented in conjunction with compelling and attention-grabbing before-and-
after photographs and the Physician Spokesperson statements. This large amount of
unrelated information is presented at a fast pace over approximately 10 seconds and

Reference ID: 4449083
