=== PAGE 3 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Mamta Puri-Lechner, PhD
Arog Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
(b) (4)MA 2
                                                                                        Page 3

Specifically, these claims and presentations suggest that Crenolanib has been established as
being safe and effective in treating AML in general when combined “with chemotherapy at full
doses.” From a public health perspective, this suggestion is especially concerning given the
lack of adequate safety and efficacy data about Crenolanib, as well as the toxicity of current
chemotherapy regimens and issues regarding the tolerability of such regimens.

Similarly, the suggestion that Crenolanib has established efficacy in “eradicating activating
mutations” such as *fms*-like tyrosine kinase-3 (FLT3) is especially troubling given that FLT3
internal tandem duplication (ITD) mutations are associated with a poor prognosis (i.e.,
increased likelihood of relapse and decreased overall survival).

Additionally, we note that the booth display did not include any information to indicate that
Crenolanib is an investigational new drug that has not been approved for commercial
distribution in the United States, and that the Crenolanib booth appeared in the main exhibit
hall at ASH, alongside approved products.

Webpage

*   Crenolanib
    *   A next-gen tyrosine kinase inhibitor for use in FLT3-mutated AML
*   Crenolanib, a type I TKI, is a potent inhibitor for FLT3-ITD and secondary KD mutants
*   THERE ARE SEVERAL ATTRIBUTES THAT SET CRENOLANIB APART FROM
    OTHER THERAPEUTIC OPTIONS
    1.  Crenolanib, whether delivered by itself or as part of a drug combination, has
        shown benefits in FLT3 mutant AML.
    2.  Patients who progress after treatment with prior TKIs may still remain sensitive
        to crenolanib.
    3.  Crenolanib has favorable pharmacokinetics and does not accumulate with
        repeated dosing.
    4.  Crenolanib is a selective type I TKI that does not inhibit wild-type cKIT.

The above claims make numerous conclusory statements about the safety and effectiveness
of Crenolanib. For example, the webpage states that Crenolanib is “for use” in FLT3-mutated
ALM without including information that Crenolanib is an investigational new drug that has not
been approved for any use and states that Crenolanib is a “potent inhibitor for FLT3-ITD and
secondary KD mutants,” an efficacy claim of clinical benefit that has not been established.
Moreover, these claims suggest in a promotional context that Crenolanib, an investigational
new drug, has been shown to be different from or superior to other approved therapies for
treating AML, and is safe or effective for such uses.

The benefit and risk profile associated with Crenolanib, an investigational therapy, (b) (4)
                                                                           The conclusions made in these claims and
presentations may create a misleading impression regarding the usefulness and approval
status of this product. From a public health perspective, the claims and presentations are
especially concerning given the seriousness of this disease and the relatively few available
treatment options.

Reference ID: 4284634
