=== PAGE 4 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Mamta Puri-Lechner, PhD
Arog Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
(b) (4) MA 2

In summary, the above cited claims and presentations on the booth display and webpage
represent the drug as having an established role in the AML treatment paradigm, when
Crenolanib has not been proven to be safe and effective within the meaning of the FD&C Act
and has not been approved as a drug under that authority for any use.

Conclusion and Requested Action

For the reasons discussed above, Crenolanib is misbranded under section 502(f)(1) of the
FD&C Act and in violation of section 301(a) of the FD&C Act. The claims and presentations
in the booth display and webpage are concerning from a public health perspective because
they make representations in a promotional context regarding the safety and efficacy of an
investigational new drug that has not been approved by the FDA.

OPDP requests that Arog immediately cease violating the FD&C Act, as discussed above.
Please submit a written response to this letter on or before July 13, 2018, stating whether you
intend to comply with this request, listing all promotional materials for Crenolanib that contain
statements such as those described above, and explaining your plan for discontinuing use of
such violative materials. If you believe that your products are not in violation of the FD&C
Act, include your reasoning and any supporting information for our consideration.

Please direct your response to the undersigned at the Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Office of Prescription Drug Promotion, 5901-
B Ammendale Road, Beltsville, Maryland 20705-1266. A courtesy copy can be sent by
facsimile to (301) 847-8444. To ensure timely delivery of your submissions, please use the
full address above and include a prominent directional notation (e.g., a sticker) to indicate
that the submission is intended for OPDP. Please refer to MA 2 in addition to the (b) (4)
in all future correspondence relating to this particular matter. All correspondence
should include a subject line that clearly identifies the submission as a Response to Untitled
Letter. OPDP reminds you that only written communications are considered official.

The violations discussed in this letter do not necessarily constitute an exhaustive list. It is
your responsibility to ensure that your materials for Crenolanib comply with each applicable
requirement of the FD&C Act and FDA implementing regulations.

Sincerely,

{See appended electronic signature page}

Rachael Conklin, MS, RN
Regulatory Review Officer
Division of Advertising & Promotion Review 1
Office of Prescription Drug Promotion

{See appended electronic signature page}

Mathilda Fienkeng, PharmD, RAC
Team Leader
Division of Advertising & Promotion Review 1
Office of Prescription Drug Promotion

Reference ID: 4284634
Page 4
