=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Catherine Maher
Evofem Biosciences
NDA 208352/ MA 176

                                                                                                       Page 2

vulvovaginal discomfort, bacterial vaginosis, vaginal discharge, genital discomfort, dysuria,
and vulvovaginal pain.

False or Misleading Benefit Presentation

Prescription drug advertisements and labeling (promotional communications) misbrand a
drug if they are false or misleading with respect to benefits. The determination of whether a
promotional communication is misleading includes, among other things, not only
representations made or suggested in the promotional communication, but also the extent to
which the promotional communication fails to reveal facts material in light of the
representations made or with respect to consequences that may result from the use of the
drug as recommended or suggested in the promotional communication.

Page three of the brochure includes the following claims regarding the efficacy of Phexxi
(bolded emphasis original; underlined emphasis added):

        And in a separate analysis 99% of pregnancies were prevented per act of sex
        (101 pregnancies over 24,289 acts of sex).

        Since Phexxi is an on-demand birth control, during the clinical trial, the
        effectiveness of Phexxi was also looked at each time Phexxi was used (per act of
        sex). This means Phexxi prevented pregnancy 99% of the time.”

These claims create a misleading impression by overstating the efficacy of Phexxi. The 99%
pregnancy prevention rate claimed in the brochure is based on efficacy “per act of sex” which
is not a validated measure to demonstrate the efficacy of contraceptive products. Specifically,
this methodology incorrectly assumes that the likelihood of becoming pregnant is the same
with each act of sex throughout the menstrual cycle. However, conception depends on the
timing of intercourse in relation to ovulation, which is referred to as the fertile window.²
Calculating the overall likelihood of pregnancy per act of intercourse does not take into
account the fact that the likelihood of pregnancy is not the same throughout the menstrual
cycle and is significantly lower during time points outside the fertile window. Therefore,
calculating the pregnancy prevention rate based on “per act of sex” misleadingly
overestimates the effect of Phexxi on pregnancy prevention.

In contrast the endpoints used to evaluate the efficacy of Phexxi in preventing pregnancy, as
described in the PI (a Kaplan-Meier life-table analysis and the Pearl Index), analyze
cumulative failure rates over specific lengths of exposure, rather than a failure rate based on
individual acts of intercourse. The 7-cycle typical use cumulative pregnancy rate as derived
by Kaplan-Meier life-table analysis was 13.7% (95% CI: 10.0%, 17.5%), excluding cycles with
back-up contraception, cycles <21 days or >35 days in length and cycles in which no
intercourse was reported. This corresponds with an 86% cumulative pregnancy prevention
rate. The PI also reports the estimated Pearl Index³, calculated based on data from the 7-

² Wilcox et al (1995) demonstrated that conception only occurred when intercourse took place during a six-day
period that ended on the estimated day of ovulation. See Wilcox AJ, Weinberg CR, Baird DD. Timing of sexual
intercourse in relation to ovulation. Effects on the probability of conception, survival of the pregnancy, and sex of
the baby. N Engl J Med. 1995;333(23):1517-1521.
³ The Pearl Index is defined as the number pregnancies per 100 women-with their first year of typical method
use. A low Pearl Index is associated with fewer pregnancies. See https://www.fda.gov/media/150299/download.

Reference ID: 5270201
