=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Ms. Ann Robards
Eli Lilly and Company
BLA 125469/MA 1035

                                                                            Page 2

*   as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with
    type 2 diabetes mellitus.
*   to reduce the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events (cardiovascular
    death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or non-fatal stroke) in adults with type 2
    diabetes mellitus who have established cardiovascular disease or multiple
    cardiovascular risk factors.

<u>Limitations of Use</u>
*   TRULICITY has not been studied in patients with a history of pancreatitis.
    Consider other antidiabetic therapies in patients with a history of pancreatitis.
*   TRULICITY should not be used in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus or for
    the treatment of diabetic ketoacidosis. TRULICITY is not a substitute for
    insulin.
*   TRULICITY has not been studied in patients with severe gastrointestinal
    disease, including severe gastroparesis. The use of TRULICITY is not
    recommended in patients with pre-existing severe gastrointestinal disease

The PI for Trulicity contains a boxed warning regarding the risk of thyroid C-cell tumors.
Trulicity is contraindicated in patients with a personal or family history of medullary thyroid
carcinoma (MTC) or in patients with Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia syndrome type 2 (MEN
2); and in patients with a prior serious hypersensitivity reaction to dulaglutide or to any of the
product components. In addition, the PI for Trulicity includes warnings and precautions
regarding pancreatitis, hypoglycemia with concomitant use of insulin secretagogues or
insulin, hypersensitivity reactions, acute kidney injury, severe gastrointestinal disease, and
diabetic retinopathy complications in patients with a history of diabetic retinopathy. The most
common adverse reactions reported with Trulicity were nausea, diarrhea, vomiting,
abdominal pain, and decreased appetite.

<u>Prior Communications</u>

OPDP notes that our advisory comments dated September 16, 2014, April 6, 2015, January
30, 2018, and February 12, 2019, to Lilly
                                                                              (b) (4)
[A large, grey rectangular block obscures a significant portion of the page's content, starting directly below the dates mentioned and extending downwards. This redaction indicates that information that would have been here has been withheld. The subsequent text provides context, suggesting the redacted content relates to concerns about Lilly's promotional practices for Trulicity.]

                                                         We are concerned that Lilly is promoting Trulicity
without presenting the benefits and serious risks of the drug in a truthful and non-misleading
manner, despite concerns previously expressed by OPDP.

Reference ID: 4922588
