=== PAGE 3 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Page 3

Payal Patel, PharmD
Bausch Health Companies Inc.
NDA 209354/MA 178 and 221

pregnancy test within two weeks of treatment and use effective birth control to prevent
pregnancy during treatment). We acknowledge that some information regarding embryofetal
risk is presented in the video; however, this does not mitigate the misleading impression
created by the omission of material facts regarding the need for pregnancy testing and birth
control from the video.

Moreover, the video fails to include any information regarding the warning and precaution for
photosensitivity and the risk for sunburn. This omission is further exacerbated by claims and
presentations of a Duobrii-treated patient depicted outside, with exposed shoulders and
arms, after discussing the success of her treatment with Duobrii. In earlier scenes, before
Duobrii is introduced, the same patient states, “Coworkers, my husband, my kids, even my
students would notice my elbow. So, I would wear a lot of three-quarter length even when it
was warm outside . . . .” These claims and presentations misleadingly suggest that a patient
does not need to take measures to avoid exposure to sunlight after treatment with Duobrii
when this is not the case. According to the WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS section of the
PI (in pertinent part), "Patients must be instructed to use sunscreens and protective clothing
when using DUOBRII Lotion.” In addition, the video fails to include any information regarding
the warning and precaution for ophthalmic adverse reactions.

By omitting serious risks associated with Duobrii and material facts pertaining to serious
risks, the video misleadingly suggests that Duobrii is safer than has been demonstrated.

The video is also misleading because it fails to present information relating to the warnings
and precautions for Duobrii with a prominence and readability reasonably comparable with
the presentation of information relating to the benefits of Duobrii. For example, important risk
information regarding HPA-axis suppression and other unwanted systemic glucocorticoid
effects is presented in text-only format in small font relegated to the bottom of the screen. At
the same time, benefit claims for Duobrii are prominently presented on the screen in large
print while also simultaneously announced verbally by the narrator in the audio portion of the
video. The overall effect of disclosing risk information in this manner undermines the
communication of important risk information. As a result, the video misleadingly minimizes the
risks associated with the use of Duobrii.

**False or Misleading Claims about Efficacy**

Prescription drug advertisements and labeling (promotional communications) misbrand a
drug if they are false or misleading with respect to efficacy. The determination of whether a
promotional communication is misleading includes, among other things, not only
representations made or suggested in the promotional communication, but also the extent to
which the promotional communication fails to reveal facts material in light of the
representations made or with respect to consequences that may result from the use of the
drug as recommended or suggested in the promotional communication.

Reference ID: 4961636
