=== PAGE 4 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Here is the extracted text content from the PDF page:

Page 4

Payal Patel, PharmD
Bausch Health Companies Inc.
NDA 209354/MA 178 and 221

*Video*

In the video, the physician spokesperson makes the following claim regarding the efficacy of
Duobrii (emphasis added):

    Adults with plaque psoriasis now have another topical treatment option.
    Approved by the FDA in 2019, DUOBRII is the *first and only* topical that
    combines two active ingredients, both with anti-inflammatory benefits that limit
    plaque growth.

This claim suggests that Duobrii is the *first and only* topical combination medication indicated
for the treatment of plaque psoriasis that combines two active ingredients, both with anti-
inflammatory benefits that limit plaque growth (i.e., FDA-approved for the treatment of plaque
psoriasis), when this is not the case. There are other FDA-approved topical combination
products (e.g., betamethasone and calcipotriene) *marketed prior to Duobrii* for the treatment
of plaque psoriasis.

The patient spokesperson depicted in the video makes the following claims (emphasis
added):

*   “I have seen many doctors over the last 11 years for my psoriasis. The creams I was
    prescribed were thick, and greasy, and they had an odor and *they did not work for
    me*.”
*   “When I first started using DUOBRII, I noticed how light and non-greasy it was. *Within
    days, I started to see results*.”
*   “*I’ve been using DUOBRII for 2 years*, it works into my routine. *I have cleared my
    plaque psoriasis on my elbows. I didn’t have flaky skin, it wasn’t sore, it wasn’t red*.”

Together, these claims are misleading because they suggest that Duobrii is clinically superior
to or more effective than other treatments for plaque psoriasis when this has not been
demonstrated. In addition, these claims misleadingly imply that Duobrii has been shown to be
effective in patients who failed to respond to other plaque psoriasis treatments, when this is
not the case. While these claims may be an accurate reflection of the spokesperson’s own
experience with Duobrii, the personal experience of this patient does not support the
suggestion that Duobrii is superior to other plaque psoriasis drugs on the market. According
to the CLINICAL STUDIES section of the PI, the pivotal trials of Duobrii evaluated Duobrii
versus vehicle lotion, not versus any other treatments for plaque psoriasis. Moreover, the
pivotal trials of Duobrii excluded patients with psoriasis that failed to respond to prescription
medication, even partially or temporarily, as determined by the investigator.⁴ Therefore, the
available data do not support the suggestions that Duobrii is superior to or more effective
than other plaque psoriasis treatments on the market and that Duobrii has been shown to be
effective in patients who have failed other plaque psoriasis treatments. FDA is not aware of
evidence to support these claims. If you have data to support these claims, please submit
them to FDA for review. We acknowledge that the video includes the SUPER “People with
psoriasis may respond to treatments differently and at different times. Individual results may
vary.” However, this does not mitigate the misleading impression.

⁴ Data on File. Trials 301 and 302 Clinical Study Reports.

Reference ID: 4961636
