=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Marianne Frost, MA
Biohaven Pharmaceuticals
NDA 212728 MA 71

NURTEC ODT is indicated for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in
adults.

<u>Limitations of Use</u>
NURTEC ODT is not indicated for the preventive treatment of migraine.

Nurtec ODT is contraindicated in patients with a history of hypersensitivity reaction to
rimegepant, Nurtec ODT, or any of its components. The PI contains a warning and
precaution regarding hypersensitivity reactions. The most common adverse reaction is
nausea.

**False or Misleading Claims about Efficacy**

Prescription drug advertisements and labeling (promotional communications) misbrand a
drug if they are false or misleading with respect to efficacy. The determination of whether a
promotional communication is misleading includes, among other things, not only
representations made or suggested in the promotional communication, but also the extent to
which the promotional communication fails to reveal facts material in light of the
representations made or with respect to consequences that may result from the use of the
drug as recommended or suggested in the promotional communication.

The video features an interview with a Spokesperson, as acknowledged both verbally and in
text during the video. In the video, the Spokesperson makes claims such as (in pertinent
part):
*   “. . . something that works in about 15-30 minutes . . .”
*   “It literally works with a migraine, for me, 15 minutes. And anyone with a migraine, for 15
    minutes, of pure agony, they’re like knives in my head. So to have this relief, and to
    not be in a fog afterwards . . . I’m able to just go with the rest of my day.”

These claims misleadingly suggest that patients treated with Nurtec ODT will experience
“relief” within 15 to 30 minutes of taking the drug. While these claims may be an accurate
reflection of the Spokesperson’s own experience with Nurtec ODT, their personal
experience does not adequately support the suggestion that the drug will provide “relief”
within 15 to 30 minutes. According to the CLINICAL STUDIES section of the PI, the co-
primary endpoints (freedom from pain and most bothersome symptoms) were measured
beginning at <u>2 hours</u> after dosing with Nurtec ODT and placebo. In addition, the PI states
that, “In Study 1, statistically significant effects of NURTEC ODT compared to placebo were
demonstrated for the additional efficacy endpoints of pain relief at 2 hours . . .” Claims
that Nurtec ODT provides relief in 15-30 minutes are not supported by the clinical trial data.
There were no pre-specified endpoints that evaluated the efficacy of the drug at 15 or 30
minutes after dosing. OPDP notes that the video includes the SUPER, “AS EVERYONE
EXPERIENCES MIGRAINE DIFFERENTLY. TREATMENT RESULTS MAY VARY”
(emphasis original, in pertinent part). However, this does not mitigate the misleading
impression. FDA is not aware of any data to support the claims that patients treated with
Nurtec ODT will experience “relief” within 15 to 30 minutes of taking the drug. If you have
data to support these claims, please submit to FDA for review.

Reference ID: 4758620
Page 2
