=== PAGE 1 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Here is the extracted text content from the PDF page, preserving its original layout and structure:

(Image: A logo on the left side of the header. It depicts a stylized eagle or bird with three curved lines, facing right. The text "DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES • USA" is curved around the left side of the logo. To the right of the logo, the text "DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES" is displayed horizontally.)
Public Health Service

Food and Drug Administration
Silver Spring, MD 20993

John F. Weet, PhD
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance
Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc.
780 Dedham Street, Suite 800
Canton, MA 02021

RE: NDA 208090
       XTAMPZA ER™ (oxycodone) extended-release capsules, for oral use, CII
       MA 114

Dear Dr. Weet:

As part of its monitoring and surveillance program, the Office of Prescription Drug Promotion
(OPDP) of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has reviewed an exhibit booth (PP-
XT-US-0275) for XTAMPZA ER™ (oxycodone) extended-release capsules, for oral use, CII
(Xtampza ER) submitted by Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc.’s (Collegium) under cover of
Form FDA 2253. The exhibit booth was displayed at the American Society Health-System
Pharmacists (ASHP) Summer Meetings & Exhibition 2017 held in Minneapolis, Minnesota on
June 3-7, 2017, and viewed by an OPDP representative. The exhibit booth makes false or
misleading representations because it fails to adequately communicate information about the
serious risks associated with Xtampza ER use. Therefore, the exhibit booth misbrands
Xtampza ER within the meaning of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FD&C
Act), and makes its distribution violative. 21 U.S.C. 352(a); 321(n); 331(a). Cf. 21 CFR
202.1(e)(3)(ii), (e)(5). These violations are particularly concerning given the serious public
health impacts of opioid addiction, abuse, and misuse that can lead to overdose and death.

Background

Below are the indication and summary of the most serious and most common risks
associated with the use of Xtampza ER.¹

        XTAMPZA ER is indicated for the management of pain severe enough to require
        daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative
        treatment options are inadequate.


¹ This information is for background purposes only and does not necessarily represent the risk information that
should be included in the promotional piece cited in this letter.

Reference ID: 4219942
