=== PAGE 4 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Here is the text content extracted from the PDF page, preserving its original layout and structure:

NEXTSTELLIS®

[Image description: To the left of the main text, there is an image of the "nextstellis" oral contraceptive product. The image displays the product box, which is predominantly white and blue, featuring the "nextstellis" logo in pink. The text on the box visible states "(drospirenone and estetrol tablets) 3 mg/14.2 mg" and "NDC 51862-258-01". Alongside the box, a blister pack of the pills is shown, organized with days of the week (SUN, MON, TUE, WED, THU, FRI, SAT) and arrows indicating the direction of pill-taking. The pills are white and marked with "nextstellis". Some empty spaces for inactive pills are also visible. The overall packaging design appears clean and modern.]

                                                    NEXTSTELLIS is an FDA-approved combined oral contraceptive (COC) containing
                                                    drospirenone (DRSP) and estetrol (E4)–a novel, selective action, low-impact estrogen

                                                    *   NEXTSTELLIS is indicated for use by females of reproductive
                                                        potential to prevent pregnancy
                                                    *   24/4 monophasic dosing regimen
                                                    *   The only contraceptive to contain estetrol (E4)

                                                    WARNING: CIGARETTE SMOKING AND SERIOUS CARDIOVASCULAR EVENTS
                                                    See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning.
                                                    *   Females over 35 years old who smoke should not use NEXTSTELLIS.
                                                    *   Cigarette smoking increases the risk of serious cardiovascular events from combination
                                                        oral contraceptive (COC) use.

                                                    *Additional Important Safety Information will be discussed later in the deck*

mayne pharma                       Reference: Data on file. Raleigh, NC. Mayne Pharma LLC.
                                                                           Full Prescribing Information is available at www.Nextstellis.com
3
