=== PAGE 3 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Michele Yelmene
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
NDA 212097/MA 43

                                                                                                       Page 3

to reveal facts material in light of the representations made or with respect to consequences
that may result from the use of the drug as recommended or suggested in the materials.

The TV ad includes the claims, "Easy to use. Easy to know you did it right. Pretty easy, huh?"
These claims misleadingly suggest that the Gvoke pre-filled syringe can be easily used and
individuals can confidently recognize that they have correctly administered the product.
However, with regard to ease of use, FDA notes that the DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION
section of the PI and the Instructions for Use describe multiple steps involved in the
preparation and administration of the Gvoke pre-filled syringe and recommends that users
become familiar with these instructions *before* an emergency happens. In addition, FDA
notes that there is no signal to the user to know whether they "did it right." The multiple steps
involved in the administration of Gvoke and the lack of a signal to indicate that the product
was administered correctly reflect the complexity of use of Gvoke in an emergency situation.
Thus, the misleading claims regarding ease of use and knowing "you did it right" are
concerning from a public health perspective, especially in light of risks associated with
prolonged hypoglycemia. No references are cited to support the above-referenced claims,
and FDA is not aware of data to support them. If you have data to support these claims,
please submit them to FDA for review.

**Omission of Material Fact**

The TV ad presents the following claims:

*   VOICEOVER (VO): "If you have diabetes and take insulin, you know low blood sugar
    can be scary. You might start to sweat, panic, worry you might pass out. You may
    even feel like you're falling."

These claims are misleading and minimize the seriousness of the condition because they
include some of the early, mild symptoms of hypoglycemia but fail to present the symptoms
of severe hypoglycemia for which Gvoke is indicated. Specifically, the Instructions for Use
states, "If not treated, the patient may progress to severe hypoglycemia which can include:
confusion, seizures, unconsciousness, death."

In addition, the TV ad includes the claim, "I can be used even before passing out." However,
the TV ad fails to provide any information regarding the circumstances when it is appropriate
to administer Gvoke and the need for administration by others. For example, the Gvoke
Instructions for Use indicate that Gvoke is not intended for mild cases in which eating or
drinking sugar is possible. Specifically, the Instructions for Use states, "The GVOKE PFS
may have been prescribed so that relatives, close friends and caregivers can give the
injection if you become hypoglycemic (severe low blood sugar) and are unable to take sugar
by mouth." Further, the DOSAGE and ADMINISTRATION section of the PI specifically
states, "Because severe hypoglycemia requires the help of others to recover, instruct the
patient to inform those around them about GVOKE and its Instructions for Use."

By omitting material information about the seriousness of the condition, the circumstances
when it is appropriate to administer Gvoke, and the need for administration by others, the TV
ad creates a misleading impression about the administration of Gvoke. This is particularly
concerning from a public health perspective as this product is for use in an emergency and

Reference ID: 4656998
