=== PAGE 1 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Below is the extracted text content from the provided PDF page, preserving its original layout, spacing, and structure:

(Image: A logo on the left side, consisting of an abstract, stylized representation of two human figures, one with raised arms, within a circle, bordered by the text "DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES – USA" curving around the figures.)
                                                                                               Public Health Service
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES
                                                                                               Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                               Silver Spring, MD 20993

Michele Yelmene
Vice President, Regulatory and Quality Assurance
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
180 N LaSalle Street, Suite 1600
Chicago, IL 60601

RE: NDA 212097
     GVOKE™ (glucagon) injection, for subcutaneous use
     MA 43

Dear Ms. Yelmene:

The Office of Prescription Drug Promotion (OPDP) of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has reviewed a direct-to-consumer broadcast television advertisement (TV ad) entitled
“Gvoke PFS TV Commercial (:60)” [US-GVKPFS-19-00061(v1)] for GVOKE™ (glucagon)
injection, for subcutaneous use (Gvoke) submitted by Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Xeris)
under cover of Form FDA 2253. This TV ad makes false or misleading claims and
representations about the risks associated with and efficacy of Gvoke. Thus, the TV ad
misbrands Gvoke within the meaning of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FD&C
Act) and makes its distribution violative. 21 U.S.C. 352(n); 331(a); 321(n). See 21 CFR
202.1(e)(5). These violations are concerning from a public health perspective because they
create a misleading impression about the safety and effectiveness of Gvoke, a drug that is
used for the treatment of severe hypoglycemia and is also associated with several serious
and life-threatening risks, including the risk of hypersensitivity reactions that patients have
experienced from a previous exposure to other formulations of glucagon.

**Background**

Below are the indication and summary of the most serious and most common risks
associated with the use of Gvoke.1 According to the FDA-approved product labeling (PI):

         GVOKE is indicated for the treatment of severe hypoglycemia in pediatric and adult
         patients with diabetes ages 2 years and above.

This product is associated with a number of serious risks. Gvoke is contraindicated in patients
with pheochromocytoma, insulinoma, and in patients with a known hypersensitivity to
glucagon or to any of the excipients in Gvoke. The PI also contains warnings and precautions
regarding catecholamine release in patients with pheochromocytoma, hypoglycemia in
patients with insulinoma, hypersensitivity and allergic reactions, lack of efficacy in patients

1 This information is for background purposes only and does not necessarily represent the risk information that
should be included in the promotional piece(s) cited in this letter.

Reference ID: 4656998
