=== PAGE 3 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Frame 11                                                                                                                                                                                                 0:33
[Image: A woman in a black jacket and orange top stands in a doorway, smiling slightly and looking towards the left. A man is partially visible behind her, looking forward. At the bottom of the image, the KISQALI® logo with "ribociclib" and small text "KISQALI may cause serious side effects." is visible.]

VO: It can cause serious skin reactions, liver problems,
and low white blood cell counts that may result in severe
infections.
SUPER: KISQALI may cause serious side effects.

Frame 12                                                                                                                                                                                                 0:35
[Image: A woman in a dark jacket and orange top stands near a wooden staircase, looking towards a man. The man is smiling and looking towards the woman. At the bottom of the image, the KISQALI® logo with "ribociclib" and small text "Your doctor should check your heart and do blood tests before and during treatment with KISQALI." is visible.]

VO: Avoid grapefruit during treatment.
SUPER: Your doctor should check your heart and do blood
tests before and during treatment with KISQALI.

Frame 13                                                                                                                                                                                                 0:36
[Image: A close-up shot of a woman's face, smiling and looking to the right. She has curly dark hair and is wearing an orange top. At the bottom of the image, the KISQALI® logo with "ribociclib" and "200 mg Tablets" is visible, along with small text "Your doctor should check your heart and do blood tests before and during treatment with KISQALI.".]

VO: Tell your doctor right away if you have new or...
SUPER: Your doctor should check your heart and do
blood tests before and during treatment with KISQALI.

Frame 14                                                                                                                                                                                                 0:40
[Image: A woman in a dark jacket and orange top stands in a bright room, looking to the left. A man is walking away from her into another room. At the bottom of the image, the KISQALI® logo with "ribociclib" and small text "Your doctor should check your heart and do blood tests before and during treatment with KISQALI." is visible.]

VO: ...worsening symptoms, including breathing
problems, cough, chest pain,...
SUPER: Your doctor should check your heart and do
blood tests before and during treatment with KISQALI.

Frame 15                                                                                                                                                                                                 0:44
[Image: A woman with light hair, wearing a purple top, is outdoors with a blurred background of trees, smiling and looking up. At the bottom of the image, the KISQALI® logo with "ribociclib" and small text "Tell your doctor about medical conditions you have and all medicines you take." is visible.]

VO: ...a change in your heartbeat, dizziness, yellowing
of the skin or eyes, dark urine,...
SUPER: Tell your doctor about medical conditions you
have and all medicines you take.

Frame 16                                                                                                                                                                                                 0:48
[Image: Two women are walking on a wooden bridge in a forest setting. The woman in the foreground wears a pink jacket and jeans, and the woman behind her wears a purple top and dark pants. Tall trees are visible in the background. At the bottom of the image, the KISQALI® logo with "ribociclib" and small text "Common side effects include low white blood cells, nausea, infections, tiredness, diarrhea, vomiting, hair loss, headache, constipation, rash, and cough. These are not all the possible side effects of KISQALI." is visible.]

VO: ...tiredness, loss of appetite, abdomen pain,
bleeding, bruising,...
SUPER: Common side effects include low white blood
cells, nausea, infections, tiredness, diarrhea, vomiting,
hair loss, headache, constipation, rash, and cough.
These are not all the possible side effects of KISQALI.
