=== PAGE 1 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Here is the extracted text content from the PDF page, preserving its original layout and structure:

                                                                  Public Health Service
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES
                                                                  Food and Drug Administration
                                                                  Silver Spring, MD 20993

Michaelle Exhume, Manager
Eli Lilly and Company
Lilly Corporate Center
Indianapolis, IN 46285

RE: BLA 761063
     EMGALITY (galcanezumab-gnlm) injection, for subcutaneous use
     MA #558

Dear Ms. Exhume:

The Office of Prescription Drug Promotion (OPDP) of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has reviewed the promotional communications, two distinct direct-to-consumer
broadcast television advertisements, “The Journey Forward: Ryan Murphy” (Ryan Murphy TV
Ad) and “The Journey Forward: Allysa Seely” (Allysa Seely TV Ad) for EMGALITY
(galcanezumab-gnlm) injection, for subcutaneous use (Emgality). These television
advertisements (TV ads) make false or misleading claims and/or representations about the
risks associated with Emgality and omit other material facts. Thus, the TV ads misbrand
Emgality within the meaning of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) and make
its distribution violative. 21 U.S.C. 352(n); 321(n); 331(a). 21 CFR 202.1(e)(1); (e)(3)(ii);
(e)(5). In addition, these materials were not submitted at the time of initial dissemination or
publication as required by 21 CFR 314.81(b)(3)(i). These violations are concerning from a
public health perspective because the promotional communications create a misleading
impression about the safety and effectiveness of Emgality.

Background

Below are the indication and summary of the most serious and most common risks
associated with the use of Emgality2.

1 Under 21 CFR 202.1(e)(2), certain advertisements (ads), including reminder ads, are exempt from the
requirements of 21 CFR 202.1(e)(1). Reminder ads are defined at 21 CFR 202.1(e)(2)(i) as “those which call
attention to the name of the drug product but do not include indications . . . for use of the drug product.” Rather,
they “shall contain only the proprietary name of the drug product, if any; the established name of each active
ingredient in the drug product; and, optionally, information relating to quantitative ingredient statements, dosage
form, quantity of package contents, price, the name and address of the manufacturer, packer, or distributor or
other written, printed, or graphic matter containing no representation or suggestion relating to the advertised
drug product.” As discussed further in this letter, the TV ads addressed herein do not meet the requirements for
the reminder ad exemption because they contain representations or suggestions relating to an indication for use
of the advertised product (Emgality) and, therefore, must comply with the requirements of 21 CFR 202.1(e)(1).

2 This information is for background purposes only and does not necessarily represent the risk information that
should be included in the promotional communication(s) cited in this letter.

Reference ID: 4903404
