=== PAGE 4 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Nicole Van de Vaarst                                                                  Page 4
Mirati Therapeutics Inc., a Bristol Myers Squibb Co.
NDA 216340/MA 166

The “OS” and “PFS” navigation bar items on the “KRYSTAL-1 Efficacy” webpage include the
claims “MEDIAN OS IN PATIENTS TAKING KRAZATI: 14.1 MONTHS,” and “MEDIAN PFS
IN PATIENTS TAKING KRAZATI: 6.9 MONTHS” in conjunction with two graphs presenting
“Survival Probability” and “PFS Probability” over time (months), respectively. According to
the website, OS stands for overall survival and PFS stands for progression-free survival.
Similar claims are also presented in the “ORR” navigation bar item under the “KRYSTAL-1
Efficacy” webpage where the OS and PFS median data are reported in the same bulleted
list as the DOR data. As a reference for these claims, you cite data on file.8,9 As previously
noted, Krazati was approved based on an effect shown on ORR and DOR endpoints in
KRYSTAL-1, a single-arm trial. PFS and OS are time-to-event efficacy endpoints. Time-to-
event efficacy endpoints in single-arm trials are generally uninterpretable because it is not
possible to determine if the observed effect (e.g., survival time) is attributable to the drug or
the natural history of the disease. Evaluation of time-to-event endpoints requires
randomized controlled trials because a comparator arm is necessary to assess whether the
effect seen on the endpoint being studied is attributable to the drug or some other factor.
Thus, these claims are misleading because they are based on the results of a trial that is not
capable of producing interpretable OS and PFS results.

We acknowledge that the text “descriptive analysis” appears under the “OS” and “PFS”
navigation bar item headers when you click to view each of the items, as well as the
following text that appears at the bottom of the “OS,” “PFS,” and “ORR” displays: “single-
arm trials do not adequately characterize time-to-event endpoints such as OS/PFS. Thus,
these data from KRYSTAL-1 cannot be interpreted as having OS/PFS benefit.” However,
for the reasons discussed above, it is misleading to make such representations or
suggestions about the efficacy of this drug based on KRYSTAL-1, which, as a single-arm
trial, is not capable of supporting such representations or suggestions; and this is not
corrected by disclosure of the study’s limitations.

The “DOR” navigation bar item on the “KRYSTAL-1 Efficacy” webpage includes a graph
titled “DESCRIPTIVE ANALYSIS MEDIAN DOR IN PATIENTS TAKING KRAZATI: 12.5
MONTHS.” As with the “OS” and “PFS” navigation bar items, the text “descriptive analysis”
appears below “DOR” in the navigation bar item header when you click to view the item.
The median DOR reported from this graph, “12.5 MONTHS,” misleadingly overstates the
efficacy of Krazati. According to Table 7 in the CLINICAL STUDIES section of the PI for
Krazati, the median DOR for patients treated with Krazati is 8.5 months with a 95%
confidence interval of 6.2 months to 13.8 months. You cite “data on file” for the claim and
describe the data on file as including “pooled DOR” information in the annotated version of
the website you submitted to FDA to comply with 21 CFR 314.550. Pooling data poses
analytical problems as differences among studies and study populations can affect the
validity and interpretability of pooled analyses. Particular concerns arise when there are
differences in demographic or disease characteristics, treatment practices, methods for
assessing efficacy, test procedures, and other study design features as these can all lead to
significant heterogeneity in results that confound interpretation. Based on the information
provided, FDA is not able to verify the presented results, and FDA is not aware of data that
support your claim that the median DOR for patients treated with Krazati is 12.5 months. If
___________
8 Data on file. Analysis of Overall Survival, using ADS. Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. 2022.
9 Data on file. Analysis of Progression-free Survival (Independent Central Review). Mirati Therapeutics, Inc.
2022.

Reference ID: 5423579
