=== PAGE 3 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Nicole Van de Vaarst
Mirati Therapeutics Inc., a Bristol Myers Squibb Co.
NDA 216340/MA 166

headings: “ORR,” “DCR,” “Intracranial ORR,” “OS,” “PFS,” and “DOR.”

The “DCR” navigation bar item on the “KRYSTAL-1 Efficacy” webpage includes the
prominent headline claim, “DCR IN PATIENTS TAKING KRAZATI: 80% (n=112; 95% CI:
70.8-86.5)” together with the claim “Depth of response: 80% of patients experienced tumor
shrinkage of any magnitude.” According to the website, “DCR” stands for “disease control
rate” and is presented as the sum of the percentages of patients who had stable disease
(SD), partial response (PR), or complete response (CR). These claims are presented in
conjunction with a waterfall plot that allows viewers to click on buttons to the right of the plot
to highlight patients with: “Stable Disease,” “Partial Response,” “Complete Response,” and
“Progressive Disease.”⁵ Clicking on the “Stable Disease” button shows the claim, “Stable
Disease: 37%,” and highlights various bars along the plot.

This presentation misleadingly suggests that Krazati improves DCR and “depth of response”
in patients with _KRAS G12C_-mutated locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC based on a
composite of CR, PR, and SD, even though the study was not designed to demonstrate this.
As noted previously, Krazati was approved under the accelerated approval pathway based
on results from KRYSTAL-1. KRYSTAL-1 was a multicenter, single-arm, open-label
expansion cohort study that evaluated the effect of Krazati on two efficacy endpoints:
Objective Response Rate (ORR) and Duration of Response (DOR). In KRYSTAL-1, the
endpoint of ORR was comprised only of PR + CR, as defined by RECIST v 1.1. Because
KRYSTAL-1 was designed as a single arm trial, the study did not establish that the SD
result was attributable to the effect of the drug; for example, the result may instead reflect
the natural history of the disease. An assessment of delay in time to disease progression in
patients treated with Krazati (i.e., an assessment of SD) would need to be based on the
results of a randomized controlled trial.

One reference is cited in support of the claims in the above presentation.⁶ The reference
presents a summary of NCT03785249 (KRYSTAL-1).⁷ However, it is misleading to include
in promotional materials representations or suggestions that rely on a study or studies
whose design is not capable of supporting such representations or suggestions. Here, as
already noted, since KRYSTAL-1 was a single-arm trial, it is not known whether the data on
SD are attributable to treatment with Krazati. Consequently, the DCR calculations, which
are based on a composite that includes SD data, and the associated “depth of response”
claim, are not supported by the data cited. Your presentation of these data conveys to
viewers of the website that the data are relevant to their understanding of the efficacy of
Krazati notwithstanding the limitations in the study.

⁵Response was measured using the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v 1.1., which
defines the evaluation of target lesions as the following: Complete Response (CR): Disappearance of all target
Page 3
lesions. Partial Response (PR): At least a 30% decrease in the sum of diameters of target lesions, taking as
reference the baseline sum diameters. Progressive Disease (PD): At least a 20% increase in the sum of
diameters of target lesions, taking as reference the smallest sum on study. In addition to the relative increase of
20%, the sum must also demonstrate an absolute increase of at least 5 mm. Stable Disease (SD): Neither
sufficient shrinkage to qualify for PR nor sufficient increase to qualify for PD, taking as reference the smallest
sum diameters while on study. https://ctep.cancer.gov/protocoldelopment/docs/recist_guideline.pdf
⁶Janne PA, Riely, GJ, Gadgeel SM, et al, 2022, Adagrasib in Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer Harboring a
KRASG12C Mutation, N Eng J Med; 387:120-131.
⁷Janne et al. (2022) includes data for SD and DCR, and defines disease control as “complete response, partial
response, or stable disease . . . ” and presents the composite endpoint of DCR (which comprises the
percentage of patients who achieved “disease control” [CR + PR + SD]) as 79.5%.

Reference ID: 5423579
