=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Kyle Hooper
CooperSurgical, Inc.
NDA 018680/MA 578

Page 2

intrauterine device that has not been removed. The PI for ParaGard includes warnings
regarding intrauterine pregnancy, ectopic pregnancy, pelvic infection, immunocompromise,
myometrium embedment, perforation, and expulsion. The PI also includes precautions
regarding vaginal bleeding; vasovagal reactions, including fainting; expulsion following
placement after a birth or abortion; magnetic resonance imaging; and medical diathermy.
Adverse reactions reported with use of ParaGard include anemia; backache; dysmenorrhea;
dyspareunia; expulsion, complete or partial; leukorrhea; menstrual flow prolonged; menstrual
spotting; pain and cramping; urticarial allergic skin reaction; and vaginitis.

**False or Misleading Risk Presentation**

Promotional materials misbrand a drug if they are false or misleading with respect to risk.
The determination of whether promotional materials are misleading includes, among other
things, not only representations made or suggested in promotional materials, but also failure
to reveal facts material in light of the representations made or with respect to consequences
that may result from the use of the drug as recommended or suggested in the materials.

The TV ad is misleading because it includes claims and representations about the uses and
benefits of ParaGard but fails to include important risk information associated with the drug.
While the TV ad includes the statement as onscreen superimposed text (SUPER), “Don’t use
ParaGard if you have certain cancers[,]” the TV ad fails to include any of the other
contraindications for the product, such as acute pelvic inflammatory disease, or current
behavior suggesting a high risk of pelvic inflammatory disease. Additionally, although the TV
ad includes the statement as an audio voice over (VO), “If you experience pain, pelvic
infection . . . call your healthcare provider,” it fails to adequately communicate the material
fact that ParaGard is associated with an increased risk of pelvic inflammatory disease (PID)
and that PID can have serious consequences. Moreover, the TV ad omits the warning for
expulsion of the product. By omitting serious risks associated with ParaGard and material
facts pertaining to the risks of ParaGard, the TV ad misleadingly suggests that ParaGard is
safer than has been demonstrated.

Additionally, the presentation of certain risk information in the “major statement” of risks
through audio and SUPERs is undermined by the simultaneous presentation of fast-paced
visuals that feature choreographed dancing to instrumental background music and multiple
scene changes. Specifically, many people are seen dancing through a crowded street
surrounded by building fronts and street vendors and forming a pattern in the street while
others hold letters that spell PARAGARD in bold blue letters. The presentation of these
compelling and attention-grabbing visuals, all of which are unrelated to the risk message
presented in the audio and on-screen SUPERs, in addition to the frequent scene changes
and the other competing modalities such as the background music, compete for the
consumers’ attention. As a result, it is difficult for consumers to adequately process and
comprehend the risk information, resulting in a misleading impression of the drug’s risks.

The TV ad is also misleading because it communicates important risk information in the
*visual* portion of the TV ad only, i.e., as SUPERs. TV ads must include information relating to
the major side effects and contraindications of the advertised drug in the *audio* (or audio and
visual parts) of the presentation. 21 CFR 202.1(e)(1). However, the ParaGard TV ad

Reference ID: 4467731
