=== PAGE 5 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Here is the extracted text content from the PDF page, preserving the original layout and structure:

Nikki Hill, PharmD
AbbVie, Inc.
NDA 211765/MA 934

                                                                        Page 5

acknowledge that the claim, “Some people had pain freedom within 2 hours” appears in a
small SUPER on frame six. However, this does not mitigate the misleading suggestion that
“one dose eliminate[s] migraine pain.” Therefore, the claim that “one dose eliminate[s]
migraine pain” is misleading.

**Conclusion and Requested Action**

For the reasons discussed above, the TV ad misbrands Ubrelvy within the meaning of the
FD&C Act and makes its distribution violative. 21 U.S.C. 352(n); 331(a). 21 CFR
202.1(e)(5).

This letter notifies you of our concerns and provides you with an opportunity to address
them. OPDP requests that AbbVie cease any violations of the FD&C Act. Please submit a
written response to this letter within 15 working days from the date of receipt, addressing the
concerns described in this letter, listing all promotional communications (with the 2253
submission date) for Ubrelvy that contain representations like those described above, and
explaining your plan for the timely discontinuation of such communications, or for ceasing
distribution of Ubrelvy.

If you believe that your products are not in violation of the FD&C Act, please include in your
submission to us your reasoning and any supporting information for our consideration within
15 working days from the date of receipt of this letter.

The concerns discussed in this letter do not necessarily constitute an exhaustive list of
potential violations. It is your responsibility to ensure compliance with each applicable
requirement of the FD&C Act and FDA implementing regulations.

Please direct your response to the undersigned at the Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Office of Prescription Drug Promotion, 5901-
B Ammendale Road, Beltsville, Maryland 20705-1266. A courtesy copy can be sent by
facsimile to (301) 847-8444. Please refer to MA 934 in addition to the NDA number in all
future correspondence relating to this particular matter. All correspondence should include a
subject line that clearly identifies the submission as a Response to Untitled Letter. You are
encouraged, but not required, to submit your response in eCTD format. All correspondence
submitted in response to this letter should be placed under eCTD Heading 1.15.1.6.
Additionally, the response submission should be coded as an Amendment to eCTD
Sequence 3465 under NDA 211765.

Reference ID: 5438418
