=== PAGE 12 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Important Safety Information, 728x90

                         INDICATION and IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION
                         REXULTI is a prescription medicine used along with
                         antidepressant medicines to treat major depressive disorder
                         (MDD) in adults.

                         It is not known if REXULTI is safe and effective in children with
                         MDD.

                         IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION:

                         • Increased risk of death in elderly people with
                           dementia-related psychosis. Medicines like REXULTI
                           can raise the risk of death in elderly people who have
                           lost touch with reality (psychosis) due to confusion and
                           memory loss (dementia). REXULTI is not approved for
                           the treatment of people with dementia-related
                           psychosis without agitation that may happen with
                           dementia due to Alzheimer’s disease.
                         • Increased risk of suicidal thoughts and actions.
                           REXULTI and antidepressant medicines may increase
                           suicidal thoughts and actions in some people 24 years
                           of age and younger, especially within the first few
                           months of treatment or when the dose is changed.
                           Depression and other mental illnesses are the most
                           important causes of suicidal thoughts and actions.
                           Patients on antidepressants and their families or
                           caregivers should watch for new or worsening
                           depression symptoms, especially sudden changes in
                           mood, behaviors, thoughts, or feelings. Report any
                           change in these symptoms immediately to the doctor.

                         Do not take REXULTI if you are allergic to brexpiprazole or any
                         of the ingredients in REXULTI.

                         REXULTI may cause serious side effects, including:
                         • Cerebrovascular problems, including stroke, in elderly
                           people with dementia-related psychosis that can lead
                           to death.
                         • Neuroleptic malignant syndrome (NMS) is a serious
                           condition that can lead to death. Call your healthcare
                           provider or go to the nearest hospital emergency room right
                           away if you have some or all of the following signs and
                           symptoms of NMS: high fever; changes in your pulse,
                           blood pressure, heart rate, and breathing; stiff muscles;
                           confusion; increased sweating
                         • Uncontrolled body movements (tardive dyskinesia).
                           REXULTI may cause movements that you cannot control in
                           your face, tongue, or other body parts. Tardive dyskinesia
                           may not go away, even if you stop taking REXULTI. Tardive
                           dyskinesia may also start after you stop taking REXULTI.
                         • Problems with your metabolism such as:
                           ° high blood sugar (hyperglycemia) and diabetes.
                             Increases in blood sugar can happen in some people
                             who take REXULTI. Extremely high blood sugar can
                             lead to coma or death. Your healthcare provider
                             should check your blood sugar before you start, or
                             soon after you start REXULTI and then regularly during
                             long term treatment with REXULTI.

                             Call your healthcare provider if you have any of
                             these symptoms of high blood sugar during
                             treatment with REXULTI:
                             • feel very thirsty
                             • feel very hungry
                             • feel sick to your stomach
                             • need to urinate more than usual
                             • feel weak or tired
                             • feel confused, or your breath smells fruity
                           ° increased fat levels (cholesterol and triglycerides)
                             in your blood. Your healthcare provider should check
                             the fat levels in your blood before you start, or soon
                             after you start REXULTI, and then periodically during
                             treatment with REXULTI.
                           ° weight gain. You and your healthcare provider should
                             check your weight before you start and often during
                             treatment with REXULTI.
                         • Unusual and uncontrollable (compulsive) urges. Some
                           people taking REXULTI have had strong unusual urges, to
                           gamble and gambling that cannot be controlled
                           (compulsive gambling). Other compulsive urges include
                           sexual urges, shopping, and eating or binge eating. If you
                           or your family members notice that you are having new or
                           unusual strong urges or behaviors, talk to your healthcare
                           provider.
                         • Low white blood cell count. Your healthcare provider may
                           do blood tests during the first few months of treatment with
                           REXULTI.
                         • Decreased blood pressure (orthostatic hypotension)
                           and fainting. You may feel dizzy, lightheaded or pass out
                           (faint) when you rise too quickly from a sitting or lying
                           position.
                         • Falls. REXULTI may make you sleepy or dizzy, may cause a
                           decrease in your blood pressure when changing position
                           (orthostatic hypotension), and can slow your thinking and
                           motor skills which may lead to falls that can cause
                           fractures or other injuries.
                         • Seizures (convulsions).
                         • Problems controlling your body temperature so that
                           you feel too warm. Do not become too hot or dehydrated
                           during treatment with REXULTI. Do not exercise too much.
                           In hot weather, stay inside in a cool place if possible. Stay
                           out of the sun. Do not wear too much clothing or heavy
                           clothing. Drink plenty of water.
                         • Difficulty swallowing that can cause food or liquid to get
                           into your lungs.
                         • Sleepiness, drowsiness, feeling tired, difficulty thinking
                           and doing normal activities. Do not drive a car, operate
                           machinery, or do other dangerous activities until you know
                           how REXULTI affects you. REXULTI may make you feel
                           drowsy.

                         Before taking REXULTI, tell your healthcare provider about
                         all of your medical conditions, including if you:
                         • have or have had heart problems or a stroke
                         • have or have had low or high blood pressure
                         • have or have had diabetes or high blood sugar or a family
                           history of diabetes or high blood sugar. Your healthcare
                           provider should check your blood sugar before you start
                           REXULTI and during treatment with REXULTI.
                         • have or have had high levels of total cholesterol, LDL
                           cholesterol, or triglycerides, or low levels of HDL
                           cholesterol
                         • have or have had seizures (convulsions)
                         • have or have had kidney or liver problems
                         • have or have had a low white blood cell count
                         • are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. REXULTI may
                           harm your unborn baby. Taking REXULTI during your third
                           trimester of pregnancy may cause your baby to have
                           abnormal muscle movements or withdrawal symptoms
                           after birth. Talk to your healthcare provider about the risk to
                           your unborn baby if you take REXULTI during pregnancy.
                           ° Tell your healthcare provider if you become pregnant
                             or think you are pregnant during treatment with
                             REXULTI.
                           ° There is a pregnancy exposure registry for women
                             who are exposed to REXULTI during pregnancy. If you
                             become pregnant during treatment with REXULTI, talk
                             to your healthcare provider about registering with the
                             National Pregnancy Registry for Atypical
                             Antipsychotics. You can register by calling
                             1-866-961-2388 or visit http://
                             womensmentalhealth.org/clinical-and-research-
                             programs/pregnancyregistry/.
                         • are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known if
                           REXULTI passes into your breast milk. Talk to your
                           healthcare provider about the best way to feed your baby
                           during treatment with REXULTI.

                         Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you
                         take, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines,
                         vitamins, and herbal supplements. REXULTI and other
                         medicines may affect each other causing possible serious side
                         effects. REXULTI may affect the way other medicines work, and
                         other medicines may affect how REXULTI works. Your
                         healthcare provider can tell you if it is safe to take REXULTI with
                         your other medicines. Do not start or stop any medicines during
                         treatment with REXULTI without first talking to your healthcare
                         provider.

                         The most common side effects of REXULTI include weight
                         gain, sleepiness, dizziness, common cold symptoms, and
                         restlessness or feeling like you need to move (akathisia).

                         These are not all the possible side effects of REXULTI. For more
                         information, ask your healthcare provider or pharmacist.

                         You are encouraged to report side effects of REXULTI
                         (brexpiprazole). Please contact Otsuka America
                         Pharmaceutical, Inc. at 1-800-438-9927 or FDA at 1-800-
                         FDA-1088 (www.fda.gov/medwatch).

                         Please read FULL PRESCRIBING INFORMATION, including
                         BOXED WARNING, and MEDICATION GUIDE.

                         [Image: The Otsuka logo is displayed, featuring a red dot followed by "Otsuka" in blue text. To its right, the Lundbeck logo is shown, with "Lundbeck" in black text, followed by a stylized red star.]

                         © 2023 Otsuka America Pharmaceutical, Inc.
                         May 2023     11US23EBC0168
