=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Chris Jewell
Taiho Oncology, Inc.
NDA 214801/MA 89                                                                               Page 2

associated with the use of Lytgobi.⁵ According to the INDICATIONS AND USAGE section
of the FDA-approved Prescribing Information (PI) (in pertinent part):

         LYTGOBI is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with previously treated,
         unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma
         harboring fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 (FGFR2) gene fusions or other
         rearrangements.

         This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on overall response
         rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be
         contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory
         trial(s).

Lytgobi was approved under the accelerated approval pathway. This pathway can allow for
earlier approval of drugs intended to treat serious conditions and fill an unmet medical need.
Accelerated approval is based on an effect on a surrogate or intermediate clinical endpoint
that is thought to be reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, rather than on a direct
measurement of clinical benefit. FDA has required sponsors of drugs approved under the
accelerated approval pathway, including Lytgobi, to conduct a confirmatory trial to verify and
describe the clinical benefit of the drug.⁶

The PI for Lytgobi includes warnings and precautions regarding ocular toxicity,
hyperphosphatemia and soft tissue mineralization, and embryo-fetal toxicity. The most
common adverse reactions reported with use of Lytgobi include nail toxicity, musculoskeletal
pain, constipation, diarrhea, fatigue, dry mouth, alopecia, stomatitis, abdominal pain, dry
skin, arthralgia, dysgeusia, dry eye, nausea, decreased appetite, urinary tract infection,
palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome, and vomiting.

<u>Prior Communications</u>

OPDP notes that our advisory comments dated December 7, 2022, to Taiho addressed draft
claims and presentations for Lytgobi
[REDACTED TEXT - (b)(4)]

OPDP is concerned that
Taiho appears to be promoting Lytgobi using similar claims and presentations in a
misleading manner.
[REDACTED TEXT]

---
⁵ This information is for background purposes only and does not necessarily represent the risk information that
should be included in the promotional communication(s) cited in this letter.
⁶ We note that the confirmatory trial, a randomized phase 2 trial, for Lytgobi, TAS-120-205, is currently ongoing;
however, this study has not been completed. See: <u>https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT05727176</u>.

Reference ID: 5554583
