=== PAGE 4 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Chris Jewell
Taiho Oncology, Inc.
NDA 214801/MA 89

                                                                                                       Page 4

As a reference for these representations, you cite a publication and two abstract
presentations from Goyal, et al, which include results from the FOENIX-CCA2 trial. 7,8,9
These parts of the webpage misbrand Lytgobi by misleadingly suggesting that FOENIX-
CCA2 provided interpretable results regarding the effects of Lytgobi on PFS and OS
endpoints, even though the design of the FOENIX-CCA2 study was not capable of
establishing improvement on time-to-event efficacy endpoints such as OS or PFS.
Specifically, because FOENIX-CCA2 was designed as a single-arm trial (i.e., with no
comparator arm), and PFS and OS are time-to-event efficacy endpoints, the reported PFS
and OS results are uninterpretable; absent an appropriate comparator, it is not possible to
determine if the observed effect is attributable to Lytgobi or to other factor(s), such as the
natural history of the disease.

We acknowledge that the following text appears above the PFS and OS presentations, under
the bolded heading “FOENIX-CAA2: Additional endpoints” (in pertinent part, emphasis
original, footnotes omitted):

    •   Due to potential variability in the natural history of the disease, a single-arm study
        may not adequately characterize these time-to-event endpoints and the results
        may not be interpretable

    •   **This data presentation is neither intended to draw conclusions regarding the
        efficacy of LYTGOBI nor to imply that there is a treatment effect of LYTGOBI
        on these time-to-event endpoints and the results should be interpreted with
        caution**

In addition, after the representations regarding efficacy results at extended follow-up, the
following text appears in conjunction with the PFS and OS presentations: “The extended
follow-up data were collected after the primary analysis and are descriptive in nature, and
results should be interpreted with caution.” However, including these statements in Lytgobi
promotional communications, along with misleading representations about Lytgobi’s efficacy
(i.e., PFS and OS results from FOENIX-CCA2), does not render the promotional
communication nonmisleading in light of the issues with FOENIX-CCA2 (explained above)
that make the study incapable of supporting representations or suggestions that these results
are attributable to the effect of Lytgobi.

The “Efficacy Results” webpage also includes the following efficacy presentations regarding
DCR (in pertinent part, emphasis original, footnotes omitted):

    •   **“Disease control rate (DCR) (n=103)”**

7 Goyal L, Meric-Bernstam F, Hollebecque A, et al. Futibatinib for FGFR2-Rearranged Intrahepatic
Cholangiocarcinoma. N Engl J Med. 2023;388(3):228-239.
8 Goyal L, Meric-Bernstam F, Hollebecque A, et al. Primary results of phase 2 FOENIX-CCA2: the irreversible
FGFR1–4 inhibitor futibatinib in intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma with FGFR2 fusions/rearrangements. Abstract
presented at American Association for Cancer Research Annual Meeting; April 10-15, 2021, and May 17-21,
2021. Abstract CT010.
9 Goyal L, Meric-Bernstam F, Hollebecque A, et al. Updated results of the FOENIX-CCA2 trial: Efficacy and
safety of futibatinib in intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma (iCCA) harboring FGFR2 fusions/rearrangements.
Abstract presented at ASCO Annual Meeting 2022. Abstract 4009. J Clin Oncol. 2022;40(16 suppl).

Reference ID: 5554583
