=== PAGE 5 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Chris Jewell
Taiho Oncology, Inc.
NDA 214801/MA 89

Page 5

* “83% DCR (95% CI: 74, 89)” depicted inside of a pie chart that includes shading to
  show the 83% DCR

Similarly, the following representation regarding efficacy results at extended follow-up is
presented on the “Efficacy Results” webpage: “At a nonprespecified follow-up analysis
conducted 8 months after the primary analysis (data cutoff, May 29, 2021; median follow-up,
25.0 months), efficacy in the overall study population was maintained with … DCR of 82.5%.”
As provided on this webpage, DCR is defined as “the sum of complete response, partial
response, and stable disease.” These presentations make these promotional
communications misleading by suggesting that Lytgobi improves DCR in patients with locally
advanced or metastatic iCCA based on a composite of complete response (CR), partial
response (PR), and stable disease (SD) when the study from which the presentations were
drawn could not demonstrate this result. Lytgobi was approved based on an effect shown on
overall response rate (ORR) and duration of response endpoints in FOENIX-CCA2, a single-
arm trial. In FOENIX-CCA2, the endpoint of ORR was comprised only of PR + CR, as
defined by the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v 1.1.10 Because
FOENIX-CCA2 was designed as a single arm trial, the study did not establish that the SD
result was attributable to the effect of the drug; for example, the result may instead reflect the
natural history of the disease. An assessment of delay in time to disease progression in
patients treated with Lytgobi (i.e., an assessment of SD) would need to be based on the
results of a randomized controlled trial.

You cite the same publication and presentations from Goyal, et al. that are referenced above
in support of these representations.7,8,9 These references include results from FOENIX-
CCA2. However, it is misleading to include in promotional communications representations
or suggestions that rely on a study or studies whose design is not capable of supporting such
representations or suggestions. Here, as already noted, since FOENIX-CCA2 was a *single-
arm trial*, it is not known whether the data on SD are attributable to treatment with Lytgobi.
Consequently, the DCR calculations, which are based on a composite that includes SD data,
are not supported by the data cited. In addition to the disclosures of the study’s limitations
noted previously, we acknowledge that the following text appears in conjunction with the DCR
presentations regarding the results from the primary analysis: “FOENIX-CCA2 was a single-
arm study. In this setting, the DCR results may reflect the natural history of
cholangiocarcinoma in an individual patient, rather than the direct effect of treatment.” In
addition, we acknowledge that the following text appears with the “efficacy results at
extended follow-up” representation: “The extended follow-up data were collected after the
primary analysis and are descriptive in nature, and results should be interpreted with
caution.” However, for the reasons discussed above, these promotional communications
make misleading representations or suggestions about the efficacy of Lytgobi through the
presentation of DCR calculations that include SD and that are based on the FOENIX-CCA2
study, which, as a single-arm trial, is not capable of supporting such representations or

10 Response was measured using the Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v 1.1., which
defines the evaluation of target lesions as the following: Complete Response (CR): Disappearance of all target
lesions. Partial Response (PR): At least a 30% decrease in the sum of diameters of target lesions, taking as
reference the baseline sum diameters. Progressive Disease (PD): At least a 20% increase in the sum of
diameters of target lesions, taking as reference the smallest sum on study. In addition to the relative increase of
20%, the sum must also demonstrate an absolute increase of at least 5 mm. Stable Disease (SD): Neither
sufficient shrinkage to qualify for PR nor sufficient increase to qualify for PD, taking as reference the smallest
sum diameters while on study. See: https://ctep.cancer.gov/protocoldevelopment/docs/recist_guideline.pdf.

Reference ID: 5554583
