=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Suzanne Strang, Ph.D.
ASCEND Therapeutics US, LLC
NDA 021166/MA 430

                                                                      Page 2

Limitation of Use

When prescribing solely for the treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of
vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause, topical vaginal products should be
considered.

EstroGel is associated with boxed warnings for endometrial cancer, cardiovascular disorders,
breast cancer, and probable dementia. In addition, the BOXED WARNING section of the PI
states, “Estrogens with or without progestins should be prescribed at the lowest effective
doses and for the shortest duration consistent with treatment goals and risks for the individual
woman.” EstroGel is contraindicated in women with undiagnosed abnormal genital bleeding;
known, suspected, or history of breast cancer; known or suspected estrogen-dependent
neoplasia; active deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, or history of these conditions;
active arterial thromboembolic disease (for example, stroke and myocardial infarction), or a
history of these conditions; known anaphylactic reaction or angioedema to EstroGel; known
liver impairment or disease; known protein C, protein S, or antithrombin deficiency, or other
known thrombophilic disorders; and known or suspected pregnancy.

The PI for EstroGel includes warnings and precautions regarding malignant neoplasms,
gallbladder disease, hypercalcemia, visual abnormalities, addition of a progestin when a
woman has not had a hysterectomy, elevated blood pressure, hypertriglyceridemia, past
history of cholestatic jaundice, hypothyroidism, fluid retention, hypocalcemia, exacerbation of
endometriosis, hereditary angioedema, exacerbation of other conditions, flammability of
alcohol-based products, moisturizer lotion application, laboratory tests, and drug-laboratory
test interactions. The most common adverse reactions reported with the use of EstroGel
include headache, flatulence, and breast pain.

**False or Misleading Claims about Efficacy**

The sell sheet includes the following representations and claims:

*   “Provides the lowest, effective dose of transdermal estrogen therapy to help meet your
    patients’ treatment goals.[²]”

*   “In the 2017 North American Menopause Society (NAMS) Position Statement, NAMS
    recommends first-line treatment of VMS with the most appropriate, often lowest
    effective dose, of estrogen therapy consistent with treatment goals.[³]”

*   “The dose of estradiol in EstroGel has been proven to be the lowest effective dose for
    the treatment of symptomatic postmenopausal women.[²]”

These claims, in the context of this sell sheet, are false or misleading because they suggest
that EstroGel provides the lowest effective dose of estrogen for the treatment of moderate to

² Archer DF, Pickar JH, MacAllister DC, Warren MP. Transdermal estradiol gel for the treatment of symptomatic
postmenopausal women. *Menopause*. 2012;19(6):622-629.
³ The North American Menopause Society. The 2017 hormone therapy position statement of The North
American Menopause Society [published online June 22, 2017]. *Menopause*. 2017.
doi: 10.1097/GME.0000000000000921

Reference ID: 4307928
