URL: https://www.fda.gov/inspections-compliance-enforcement-and-criminal-investigations/warning-letters/aju-pharm-co-ltd-704823-05212025
Scraped on: 2025-06-24 22:58:30
================================================================================

Aju Pharm Co., Ltd. - 704823 - 05/21/2025 | FDA
Skip to main content
Skip to FDA Search
Skip to in this section menu
Skip to footer links
An official website of the United States government
Here’s how you know
The .gov means it’s official.Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you're on a federal government site.
The site is secure. The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
Search
Menu
Search FDA
Submit search
Featured
Report a Product Problem
Contact FDA
FDA Guidance Documents
Recalls, Market Withdrawals and Safety Alerts
Press Announcements
Warning Letters
Advisory Committees
En Español
Products
Food
Drugs
Medical Devices
Radiation-Emitting Products
Vaccines, Blood, and Biologics
Animal and Veterinary
Cosmetics
Tobacco Products
Topics
About FDA
Combination Products
Regulatory Information
Safety
Emergency Preparedness
International Programs
News and Events
Training and Continuing Education
Inspections and Compliance
Science and Research
Information For
Consumers
Patients
Industry
Health Professionals
Federal, State and Local Officials
In this section:
Warning Letters
Warning Letters
About Warning and Close-Out Letters
Home
Inspections, Compliance, Enforcement, and Criminal Investigations
Compliance Actions and Activities
Warning Letters
Aju Pharm Co., Ltd. - 704823 - 05/21/2025
Warning Letters
WARNING LETTER
Aju Pharm Co., Ltd.
MARCS-CMS 704823 —
May 21, 2025
More Warning Letters
Warning Letters
About Warning and Close-Out Letters
Product:
Medical Devices
Recipient:
Recipient Name
Tae Hoon Kim
Recipient Title
President and CEO
Aju Pharm Co., Ltd.
Room 201, Room 207, Bl A Bundangtekeunopakeu
697 Pangyo-Ro
Bundang-gu
Seongnam-si
Gyeonggi-do
13511
South Korea
Issuing Office:
Center for Devices and Radiological Health
United States
WARNING LETTERMay 21, 2025Dear Tae Hoon Kim:During an inspection of your firm located in Seongnam-Si, Gyeonggi, South Korea on January 20, 2025, through January 23, 2025, an investigator from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) determined that your firm manufactures the Class II Fixone Hybrid Knotless Anchor and the Class II Fixone Biocomposite Anchor. Under section 201(h) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act), 21 U.S.C. § 321(h), these products are devices because they are intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, or to affect the structure or function of the body.This inspection revealed that these devices are adulterated within the meaning of section 501(h) of the Act, 21 U.S.C. § 351(h), in that the methods used in, or the facilities or controls used for, their manufacture, packing, storage, or installation are not in conformity with the current good manufacturing practice requirements of the Quality System regulation found at Title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Part 820. The inspection also revealed that your firm failed to adequately establish and maintain medical device report procedures, as required by 21 C.F.R. § 803.17.We received a response from Lee Seung Hoon, Quality Manager dated February 12, 2025 (received by the FDA on February 11, 2025) concerning our investigator’s observations noted on the Form FDA 483 (FDA 483), List of Inspectional Observations, which was issued to your firm. We address this response below, in relation to each of the noted violations. These violations include, but are not limited to, the following:1. Failure to adequately establish procedures for validating the device design, as required by 21 CFR 820.30(g).For example, although you have been distributing the Fixone Hybrid Knotless Anchor in the United States since 2023, your firm has not followed your Design and Development Procedure, Document # AJP-OP-702, and has not performed design validation activities to ensure that the device conforms to defined user needs and intended uses, including testing of production units under actual or simulated use conditions.We reviewed your firm’s response and concluded that it is not adequate. Your response acknowledged absence of design validation. You also state that your planned actions are expected to be completed by April 30, 2025. As part of your actions, your firm has opened a corrective and preventative action (CAPA) and you plan to conduct a comparative evaluation during the validation stage and to train your staff. Your response is not adequate because it is unclear how the comparative evaluation will assess operative conditions and if the comparator product you will use has undergone adequate design validation. Additionally, your corrective action plan does not include a systemic approach to address the adequacy of all applicable procedures or other devices distributed by your firm. Furthermore, you have not assessed if the distributed devices meet their specifications and if any additional action is necessary to minimize risk to patients.2. Failure to adequately establish and maintain procedures for implementing corrective and preventive action, as required by 21 CFR 820.100(a).For example, a review of your firm’s 2022 and 2023 analysis of complaint data revealed that the firm has yet to initiate CAPAs to address the following identified suture anchor issues:a) For 2022i. (b)(4)ii. (b)(4)iii. (b)(4)b) For 2023i. (b)(4)ii. (b)(4)iii. (b)(4)iv. (b)(4)v. (b)(4)vi. (b)(4)We reviewed your firm’s response and concluded that it is not adequate. Your response acknowledged the absence of CAPA implementation for these nonconformities. You plan to conduct CAPA for nonconformities and take corrective actions based on the results of your data analysis. Your response is not adequate because your corrective action plan does not include a systemic approach to address any applicable CAPA procedures or to retrospectively review other issues identified to date by your firm to determine if additional CAPA activities are necessary. Per your Annual Complaint Handling Trend Analysis Reports for 2022 and 2023, corrective actions were proposed to address the device issues cited above. However, you have not implemented corrective actions in compliance with 21 CFR 820.100 because there was no evidence that your firm adequately investigated the cause of these nonconformities. Additionally, you have not provided any information to evaluate if distributed devices meet their specifications and if any additional action is necessary to minimize risk to patients. We recommend that your response include a thorough investigation of the cause of these nonconformities and identification of any actions necessary to correct and prevent their recurrence. Additionally, we recommend that you verify or validate that any actions taken because of CAPA are effective at addressing the root cause of these issues without adversely affecting the device specifications. And you state that your planned actions are expected to be completed by April 30, 2025.3. Failure to adequately establish and maintain procedures for receiving, reviewing, and evaluating complaints by a formally designated unit, as required by 21 CFR 820.198(a).For example, twenty (20) complaint files from 2022 to 2024 were reviewed during the inspection. Our inspection revealed that all 20 complaint files randomly selected for review during the inspection did not include sufficient event information on complaint evaluation for MDR reportability.We reviewed your firm’s response and concluded that it is not adequate. Your response acknowledged absence of complaint review for MDR reportability during the complaint handling process. As part of your actions, your firm has opened a CAPA and you plan to document the reporting criteria in the customer complaint handling procedure. Your response is not adequate as your corrective action plan does not include a systemic approach to address this observation such as performing a retrospective evaluation of all past complaints to determine MDR reportability. We recommend that your response addresses the specific complaints identified during our inspection and that all other complaints have been procedurally processed, and if applicable, that investigation of the issues has been initiated. And you state that your planned actions are expected to be completed by April 30, 2025.4. Failure to adequately establish and maintain procedures to ensure that all purchased or otherwise received product and services conform to specified requirements, as required by 21 CFR 820.50.a) For example, the following suppliers and contractors were not evaluated based on their ability to meet specified requirements, including quality requirements:i. (b)(4)ii. (b)(4)iii. (b)(4)iv. (b)(4)v. (b)(4)We reviewed your firm’s response and concluded that it is not adequate. You acknowledged the absence of supplier evaluations. As part of your actions, your firm has opened a CAPA and plan to re-evaluate your current suppliers to identify approved suppliers. You also plan to document supplier requirements and register key facilities in accordance with FDA regulations. Your response is not adequate because your corrective actions do not include a systemic approach to address all purchasing control procedures. Additionally, you did not conduct a retrospective evaluation of all products and services received and whether those products and services met predetermined specifications and quality requirements. We recommend that your corrective actions also evaluate whether any additional action is necessary for distributed devices to minimize risk to patients. And you state that your planned actions are expected to be completed by April 30, 2025.b) As another example, your firm is currently using the poly(lactic-co-glycolic) acid (PLGA) and β-tricalcium phosphate (β-TCP) to manufacture biocomposite anchors for the Fixone Anchor System. However, the product label for the β-TCP states that this product is “For R&D use only.” Your firm has not evaluated this material from the supplier to ensure it meets predetermined specifications.We reviewed your firm’s response and concluded that it is not adequate. As part of your actions, your firm opened a CAPA and you reached out to the supplier of this manufacturing material to clarify its use in routine manufacturing. Per your response, the supplier ((b)(4)) confirmed that this raw material (β-TCP) can be used in research, synthesis, and processing. You also noted that this raw material was purchased through an (b)(4) ((b)(4)), (b)(4) than being (b)(4) from (b)(4). You noted that you have (b)(4) with (b)(4), and you plan to conduct a quality evaluation for this (b)(4) supplier.Your response is not adequate because you have not provided an evaluation of the monitoring and control of component characteristics that confirms the suitability of this β-TCP, and it is unclear if the chemical composition of this manufacturing material meets predetermined specifications. This is critically important considering what appears to be, in comparison to sales data, a high rate of device defects (ascertained via complaints), such as broken suture anchors during insertion, anchor bending, and fix suture loosening. Additionally, your response is not adequate because your corrective action plan does not include a systemic approach to address this observation such as performing an assessment of monitoring and control of component characteristics. We recommend that you perform a risk assessment that evaluates if distributed devices are non-conforming to their specifications and if any additional actions are necessary to minimize risk to patients. Additionally, we recommend that additional training be performed for any changes to production and process control procedures. And you state that your planned actions are expected to be completed by April 30, 2025.5. Failure to adequately establish and maintain process control procedures that describe any process controls necessary to ensure conformance to specifications, where deviations from device specifications could occur because of the manufacturing process, per 21 CFR 820 70(a).For example, your firm's mixing procedure (for the biocomposite anchors), Document #AJP-WS-02, is incomplete in that it fails to include the thawing requirements/procedures of the frozen poly (lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA) prior to mixing. The product label for the PLGA states that the “content must be at room temperature before opening.”We reviewed your firm’s response and concluded that it is not adequate. You acknowledged that the procedure for adequate handling of this critical raw material (PLGA) during the mixing process was not documented. As part of your actions, your firm has opened a CAPA and you plan to revise the relevant procedures for processing this raw material. You state that your planned actions are expected to be completed by April 30, 2025.Your response is not adequate because it did not include plans for training on the revised procedures and it did not include a retrospective evaluation to determine if inappropriate handling of this manufacturing material may have led to the distribution of non-conforming product. Additionally, your corrective actions do not include a systemic approach to address all other process controls used in the manufacturing of your medical devices. As inappropriate manufacturing of the PLGA could lead to changes in the device function and degradation, we recommend that you perform a risk assessment that evaluates if devices distributed are non-conforming to their specifications and if any additional actions is necessary to minimize risk to patients. In comparison to sales data, there appears to be a high rate of device defects (ascertained via complaints), such as broken suture anchors during insertion, anchor bending, and fix suture loosening.6. Failure to adequately establish and maintain procedures to ensure that sampling methods are adequate for their intended use and to ensure that when changes occur the sampling plans are reviewed, as required by 21 CFR 820.250(b).For example, your firm’s in-process testing (after injection) of the bone anchors of the Fixone Hybrid Anchor system are limited to only a few samples and is not based on a valid statistical rationale.We reviewed your firm’s response and concluded that it is not adequate. You acknowledged that your “sampling plan had no statistical basis in the process test at the semi-finished product (injection) stage.” You also state that the planned actions are expected to be completed by April 30, 2025. As part of your actions, your firm has opened a CAPA and you plan to change the injection process sampling criteria to conform to a valid statistical plan.Your firm’s response is not adequate because your corrective actions do not include a systemic approach and do not include an assessment of sampling methods used for all other devices manufactured by your firm. Additionally, you do not include procedural updates to prevent the recurrence of this issue, and do not include any staff training. We recommend that your response includes a statistically justified sampling plan for in-process testing for all manufactured devices.Our inspection also revealed that your firm failed to establish or maintain a record or report required under section 519 of the Act, 21 U.S.C. § 360i, and 21 CFR Part 803 - Medical Device Reporting. Failing to maintain a record or report required under section 519 of the Act is a prohibited act under section 301(e) of the Act. Specifically, your firm failed to adequately develop, maintain, and implement written MDR procedures as required by 21 CFR 803.17.During the inspection, your firm presented a document titled “Safety Information Report”, Doc. No. AJP-OP-807, Ver. No. 4, dated 2024-04-19, where Section 6 is defined as their FDA Medical Device Reporting procedure. After reviewing the procedure, the following deficiencies were noted:a) The procedure does not establish internal systems that provide for timely and effective identification, communication, and evaluation of events that may be subject to MDR requirements, as required by 21 CFR 803.17(a)(1). For example, the instructions for how your firm will evaluate information about an event to make MDR reportability determinations in a timely manner are inadequate because although Section 6.1 references the criteria for report submission and Section 6.3 clarifies what information must be included in the report, the procedure does not define the steps and timeframes the firm will follow to evaluate information received, determine whether certain information is reportable and submit the report accordingly].b) The procedure does not establish internal systems that provide for a standardized review process to determine when an event meets the criteria for reporting under this part, as required by 21 CFR 803.17(a)(2). For example:i. There are no instructions for conducting an investigation of each MDR reportable event and evaluating the cause of the event.ii. The procedure, as written, does not specify who makes the decision for reporting events to FDA.c) The procedure does not establish internal systems that provide for timely transmission of complete medical device reports, as required by 21 CFR 803.17(a)(3). Specifically:i. The procedure does not contain instructions for how your firm will comply with 21 C.F.R. § 803.12(a)’s requirement to submit reports to FDA in an electronic format that the FDA can process, review, and archive. Although Section 6.3 states that the FDA 3500A form much be submitted electronically, it does not identify how employees are to ensure that the form will be submitted to FDA in a format that FDA can process, review, and archive.ii. The procedure does not include a description of the steps for how the firm will ensure that electronic reports are adequately processed and submitted to FDA within the required timeframe.d) The procedure does not describe how your firm will address documentation and recordkeeping requirements, as required by 21 CFR 803.17(b), including:\i. Documentation of adverse event related information maintained as MDR event files.ii. Information that was evaluated to determine if an event was reportable.iii. Documentation of the deliberations and decision-making processes used to determine if a device-related death, serious injury, or malfunction was or was not reportable, as required under 21 CFR 803.18(b)(1)(i).In your response, you state that the planned actions are expected to be completed by April 30, 2025. As part of your actions, you plan to implement corrective actions to adhere to MDR reporting requirements. A device is deemed to be misbranded under section 502(t)(2) of the Act, 21 U.S.C. § 352(t)(2), if there was a failure or refusal to furnish any material or information required by or under section 519 of the Act, 21 U.S.C. § 360i, which includes adverse event reports required under 21 CFR Part 803, respecting the device.”The adequacy of your response cannot be determined at this time. Although your response indicates that actions are expected to be completed by April 30, 2025, your firm has not yet provided a revised procedure as evidence of implementing the above listed issues.Given the serious nature of the violations of the Act by your firm, the Fixone Hybrid Knotless Anchor and the Fixone Biocomposite Anchors that your firm manufactures are subject to refusal of admission under section 801(a) of the Act, 21 U.S.C. § 381(a), in that they appear to be adulterated. As a result, FDA is taking steps to refuse entry of these devices into the United States, known as “detention without physical examination,” until these violations are addressed. To remove the devices from detention, your firm should provide a written response to this Warning Letter as described below and address the violations described in this letter. We will notify you regarding the adequacy of your firm’s response and the need to re-inspect your firm’s facility to verify that the appropriate corrections and/or corrective actions have been made.Other federal agencies may take your compliance with the FD&C Act and its implementing regulations into account when considering the award of federal contracts. Additionally, should FDA determine that you have Quality System regulation violations that are reasonably related to premarket approval applications for Class III devices, such devices will not be approved until the violations have been addressed.Please notify this office in writing within fifteen business days from the date you receive this letter of the specific steps your firm has taken to address the noted violations, including an explanation of how your firm plans to prevent these violations, or similar violations, from occurring again. Include documentation of the corrections and/or corrective actions (which must address systemic problems) that your firm has taken. If your firm’s planned corrections and/or corrective actions will occur over time, please include a timetable for implementation of those activities. If corrections and/or corrective actions cannot be completed within fifteen business days, state the reason for the delay and the time within which these activities will be completed. Please provide a translation of documentation not in English to facilitate our review. If you believe that your products are not in violation of the FD&C Act, include your reasoning and any supporting information for our consideration as part of your response.Your firm’s response should be sent by email to CDRHWarningLetterResponses@fda.hhs.gov or by mail to Food and Drug Administration, Center for Devices and Radiological Health, Office of Regulatory Programs, Division of Regulatory Programs 2: Establishment Support, Regulatory Inspections and Audits Team, White Oak Building 66, 10903 New Hampshire Avenue, Silver Spring, MD 20993. Refer to CMS case #704823 when replying. If you have any questions about the contents of this letter, please contact: Christopher Ferreira atchristopher.ferreira@fda.hhs.gov.Finally, you should know that this letter is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the violations at your firm’s facility. It is your firm’s responsibility to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations administered by FDA. The specific violations noted in this letter and in the Inspectional Observations, FDA 483, issued at the close of the inspection may be symptomatic of serious problems in your firm’s manufacturing and quality management systems. Your firm should investigate and determine the causes of any violations and take prompt actions to address any violations and bring the products into compliance.Sincerely,/S/RDML Raquel Peat, Ph.D., M.P.H., USPHS  Director  OHT 6: Office of Orthopedic DevicesOffice of Product Evaluation and Quality  Center for Devices and Radiological Health  CC:Peter Chung300 Atwood StreetPittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15213Phone: 412-512-8802Email: peterchung210@gmail.com
Content current as of:
06/24/2025
Regulated Product(s)
Medical Devices
FDA Archive
About FDA
Accessibility
Visitor Information
Website Policies / Privacy
No FEAR Act
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
FOIA
HHS.gov
USA.gov
Contact FDA
Follow FDA on Facebook
Follow FDA on X
Follow FDA on Instagram
Follow FDA on LinkedIn
View FDA videos on YouTube
Subscribe to FDA RSS feeds
Contact Number
1-888-INFO-FDA (1-888-463-6332)
Back to Top