=== PAGE 1 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES

Public Health Service
                                                                          Food and Drug Administration
                                                                          Silver Spring, MD 20993

Jessica Chmielewski, Regulatory Affairs Associate
US Representative for Dexcel Ltd
Edenbridge Pharmaceuticals, LLC DBA Dexcel Pharma USA
1 Upper Pond Road, Suite D250
Parsippany, NJ 07054

RE: NDA 211379
       HEMADY (dexamethasone tablets), for oral use
       MA 33

Dear Jessica Chmielewski:

The Office of Prescription Drug Promotion (OPDP) of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has reviewed the promotional communication, an exhibit booth panel (exhibit panel),
“Hemady Conference Banner,” for HEMADY (dexamethasone tablets), for oral use (Hemady)
submitted by DEXCEL Ltd under cover of Form FDA 2253. FDA also received a complaint
about this exhibit panel via the FDA Bad Ad Program. This exhibit panel makes false or
misleading claims and representations about the risks and benefits of Hemady. Thus, the
exhibit panel misbrands Hemady within the meaning of the Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) and makes its distribution violative. 21 U.S.C. 352(a); 321(n);
331(a); Cf. 21 CFR 202.1(e)(5). These violations are concerning from a public health
perspective because the promotional communication fails to include any risk information for
Hemady, a drug with multiple known serious risks, and it creates a misleading impression
about the benefits of Hemady for the treatment of multiple myeloma (MM), an incurable
disease whose symptoms most often recur.

**Background**

Below are the indication and summary of the most serious and most common risks
associated with the use of Hemady.¹ According to the INDICATIONS AND USAGE section
of the FDA-approved prescribing information (PI):

       HEMADY is indicated in combination with other anti-myeloma products for the
       treatment of adults with multiple myeloma (MM).

Hemady is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to dexamethasone, or any of the
excipients, and in patients with systemic fungal infections. The PI for Hemady includes
warnings and precautions regarding alterations in endocrine function, immunosuppression
and increased risk of infection, alterations in cardiovascular/renal function, venous and

¹ This information is for background purposes only and does not necessarily represent the risk information that
should be included in the promotional communication cited in this letter.

Reference ID: 5523412
