=== PAGE 3 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Jessica Chmielewski
Edenbridge Pharmaceuticals, LLC DBA Dexcel Pharma USA
NDA 211379/MA 33                                                                               Page 3

The exhibit panel presents a table titled “**REAL-WORLD COMPARISON OF ADHERENCE
to Hemady® and generic dexamethasone among patients with MM**” (emphasis original)
suggesting improved patient adherence to Hemady as compared with generic
dexamethasone 4 mg tablets. Data on file² is cited to support the presentation. However,
the referenced study does not support conclusions regarding comparative adherence to
Hemady and generic dexamethasone 4 mg in the treatment of patients with MM due to
limitations associated with the study design and methodology.

For example, the patient selection methodology described in the study protocol was not
consistent between patients treated with Hemady and generic dexamethasone 4 mg.
Specifically, according to the protocol, patients receiving Hemady were *assumed* to have
been diagnosed with MM. We acknowledge that Hemady is indicated for the treatment of
adults with MM. However, in contrast with patients in the generic dexamethasone 4 mg
group, the study did not take measures, such as the use of International Classification of
Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-10 CM) codes³, to determine whether
patients in the Hemady group were in fact diagnosed with MM. Relatedly, although patients in
the generic dexamethasone 4 mg group were confirmed to have MM, these patients were
identified for using ICD-10 CM codes that included both patients with newly diagnosed MM
(NDMM) and relapsed or refractory MM (RRMM). Patients with NDMM and patients with
RRMM represent distinct patient populations with varying disease severities and stages, and
treatment regimens differ for each patient population. Treatment of NDMM or RRMM can
involve a variable combination of multiple medications based on patient-specific factors such
as tumor burden, cytogenetics, performance status, comorbidities, and eligibility for stem cell
transplantation. The study protocol did not control for these or any other baseline
characteristics. Further, the study protocol did not identify whether Hemady or generic
dexamethasone 4 mg was used as monotherapy or as part of combination treatment
regimens. These design issues can introduce bias into the adherence calculations. Moreover,
factors such as the total number of medications a patient is prescribed, the number of
pharmacies used, and patient age have an impact on adherence.⁴ The statistical tests in this
study did not control for these or any covariates.⁵

Another limitation is that the study included a significantly higher number of patients in the
generic dexamethasone 4 mg group (n=3,775) compared to the Hemady group (n=43),
leading to a notably unbalanced sample size. Such unbalanced sample sizes can lead to
overestimation of adherence in favor of the Hemady group. Moreover, with respect to patients

² Data on file (Adherence Study Results). Edenbridge Pharmaceuticals, LLC. 2023. The Data on file was
provided by Edenbridge Pharmaceuticals in response to OPDP’s request for the information. The study is a
retrospective, comparative cohort analysis that utilized medical and pharmacy claims data to compare
adherence of Hemady and generic dexamethasone in patients with MM.
³ ICD-10-CM | Classification of Diseases, Functioning, and Disability | CDC
⁴ Rajkumar, S.V., Kumar, S. (2020). Multiple myeloma current treatment algorithms. Blood Cancer Journal, 10,
94. https://doi.org/10.1038/s41408-020-00359-2
⁵ Mian, H., Fiala, M., & Wildes, T. M. (2020). Adherence to Lenalidomide in Older Adults with Newly Diagnosed
Multiple Myeloma. Clinical Lymphoma, myeloma & leukemia, 20(2), 98–104.e1.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.clml.2019.09.618


Reference ID: 5523412
