=== PAGE 3 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
David Shechter
Amgen Inc.
BLA 125031 MA 1706

Page 3

For example, the study was not designed to ensure that patients with FN were appropriately
identified for inclusion in the analysis. Specifically, the study uses an unvalidated algorithm³
to identify study participants. This algorithm retrospectively identified patients who had FN by
selecting inpatient and outpatient encounters with diagnosis codes for neutropenia **and** fever
or infection. The data on file that Amgen provided to OPDP included no information about
the performance characteristics (e.g., sensitivity, positive predictive value) of the algorithm or
the diagnostic codes that were used. The use of an unvalidated algorithm with unknown
performance characteristics is a significant limitation because of the potential for
misclassification of patients at the onset of the study.⁴ We also note that the data on file does
not describe any measures taken to ensure the quality and accuracy of the results generated
by the algorithm. As a result, the extent of FN in this study population may be overestimated
or underestimated.

In addition to the above concern, the study was not designed to ensure that the PFS and
OBI patient populations were adequately balanced or controlled for potential bias.
Specifically, the study did not control for factors other than the delivery device that may
influence the incidence of FN in the compared groups. Eligible patients for the study had
highly diverse clinical characteristics, and the study report did not include any information on
the baseline comorbidity or risk factors for FN of the two exposure groups or on design or
analytic strategies to minimize the risk of selection bias. Selection bias⁵ is a key concern for
this study because even slight differences in populations (e.g., risk factors for FN, age,
chemotherapy regimen and dosing, etc.) could substantially impact the incidence of FN and
the conclusions stemming from the analysis. We note that while the size of the relative
effect in this study is large (31% increased incidence of FN with PFS vs. OBI), the absolute
difference is much smaller in magnitude (0.4%; 1.7% PFS vs 1.3% OBI). It cannot be ruled
out that selection bias is entirely responsible for the observed risk difference. Accordingly,
reporting a p-value for the claims and presentations in frames one and two of the banner is
misleading.

Therefore, due to multiple limitations of design and analytic strategy, the study does not
support the claims and presentations regarding the comparative FN risk when pegfilgrastim
is administered via PFS compared to the OBI. We note that two limitations to the study are
presented in frames seven and eight under the header “Real-World Study Limitations.” The
presentation of two major deficiencies of the study design does not mitigate the misleading
claims and presentations in the banner.

The above misleading claims and presentations are particularly concerning from a public
health perspective because they could undermine confidence not just in Neulasta delivered
via PFS but also in FDA-licensed biosimilar pegfilgrastim products, which are only delivered
via PFS. The above claims prominently present “<u>Pegfilgrastim PFS</u>” (emphasis added) as

³ The algorithm used to identify FN in claims data for this study included several related diagnostic codes (i.e.,
inpatient diagnosis of neutropenia in any position AND (diagnosis of fever OR diagnosis of infection in any
position); or, outpatient diagnosis of neutropenia AND (diagnosis of fever OR (diagnosis of infection AND
prescription for antimicrobials))).
⁴ As noted in the cited reference, “The potential for misclassification of key variables exist, as patients are
identified through diagnosis or procedure codes as opposed to medical records, and therefore are subject to
data coding limitations and data entry error.”
⁵ Necessary data on potential confounding variables were unlikely to be sufficiently captured in the
MarketScan® database to allow a robust analysis, increasing the likelihood of selection bias.

Reference ID: 482246
