=== PAGE 4 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Participant: Ortho Dermatologics
                   (b) (4)
TRT: 4:31
Product or Service: DUOBRII
Airdate: August 27th, 2020

[Image: A close-up of a woman with curly dark hair looking slightly off-camera, appearing to speak. Her expression is earnest, and the background is softly blurred.]                     I was introduced to Dr. Lain. I'm always up
                                                                                              to trying different treatments. So, when Dr.
                                                                                              Lain introduced DUOBRII for my plaque
                                                                                              psoriasis on my elbow I was really excited to
                                                                                              see how it would work for me.

[Image: A male doctor in light blue scrubs and a face mask is shown in a clinic setting, holding the arm of a seated female patient, who is also wearing a mask. They appear to be in consultation or during an examination.]

[Image: A person's bare shoulder and upper arm showing a patch of red, inflamed skin, indicative of plaque psoriasis. Below this image is a blue banner with white text:]               Voiceover:
  DUOBRII速 is a prescription medicine used on the skin (topical) to treat adults with plaque psoriasis.
  It is not known if DUOBRII Lotion is safe and effective in children.                       Adults with plaque psoriasis now have
                                                                                              another topical treatment option. Approved
                                                                                              by the FDA in 2019, DUOBRII is the first and
                                                                                              only topical that combines two active
                                                                                              ingredients, both with anti-inflammatory
                                                                                              benefits that limit plaque growth.
[Image: A white tube of "Duobrii (halobetasol propionate and tazarotene) Lotion 0.01% | 0.045%" is shown lying horizontally. Small text "For Topical Use Only" and "Not for Eye Use" is visible in the top right of the image. Below this image is a blue banner with white text:]
  DUOBRII速 is a prescription medicine used on the skin (topical) to treat adults with plaque psoriasis.
  It is not known if DUOBRII Lotion is safe and effective in children.

[Image: Two pill-like shapes are displayed. The one on the left is teal/green and labeled "Halobetasol". The one on the right is orange/yellow and labeled "Tazarotene". Below this image is a blue banner with white text:]
  DUOBRII速 is a prescription medicine used on the skin (topical) to treat adults with plaque psoriasis.
  It is not known if DUOBRII Lotion is safe and effective in children.

Lower third:
DUOBRII速 is a prescription medicine used on the skin
(topical) to treat adults with plaque psoriasis. It is
