=== PAGE 1 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Here is the extracted text content from the PDF page, preserving the original layout, spacing, and structure:

(Image: A stylized eagle logo, facing left, with text curving around its left side that reads "DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES • USA".)
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES

Public Health Service
Food and Drug Administration
Silver Spring, MD 20993

Luis Caveda
Senior Director of Regulatory Affairs
Rockwell Medical, Inc
30142 South Wixom Road
Wixom, MI 48393

RE: NDA 206317; NDA 208551
      TRIFERIC® (ferric pyrophosphate citrate) solution and TRIFERIC® (ferric
      pyrophosphate citrate) powder packet for addition to bicarbonate concentration
      MA 26; MA 22

Dear Mr. Caveda:

The Office of Prescription Drug Promotion (OPDP) of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has reviewed the Rockwell Medical, Inc's (Rockwell Medical) webpage¹ titled,
“Triferic®” (webpage) under the “Therapeutic Focus” tab for TRIFERIC® (ferric pyrophosphate
citrate) solution and powder packet for addition to bicarbonate concentration (Triferic). The
webpage is false or misleading in that it presents information about the benefits of Triferic but
fails to include **any** risk information about the drug, makes false or misleading claims and/or
representations about the risks and efficacy associated with Triferic, and omits other material
facts. Thus, the webpage misbrands Triferic within the meaning of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act) and makes its distribution violative. 21 U.S.C. 352(a), (n);
321(n); 331(a). See 21 CFR 202.1(e)(3)(ii); 202.1(e)(5). These violations are concerning
from a public health perspective because patients with hemodialysis-dependent chronic
kidney disease (HDD-CKD) are a vulnerable patient population at increased risk of medical
complications and adverse outcomes.

Background

Below are the indication and summary of the most serious and most common risks
associated with the use of Triferic.² According to the FDA-approved product labeling (PI)³
(emphasis original):

        TRIFERIC is an iron replacement product indicated for the replacement of iron to
        maintain hemoglobin in adult patients with hemodialysis-dependent chronic kidney
        disease (HDD-CKD).

Limitations of Use

¹ https://www.rockwellmed.com/bio-pharma-development/triferic/ (last accessed November 18, 2019).
² This information is for background purposes only and does not necessarily represent the risk information that
should be included in the promotional piece(s) cited in this letter.
³ The version of the Triferic PI referred to in this letter was approved on March 28, 2018.

Reference ID: 4521580
