=== PAGE 1 ===

An agency of the European Union
The European 
regulatory system 
for medicines
Bringing new safe and 
effective medicines 
to patients across the 
European Union


=== PAGE 2 ===

1
EUROPEAN REGULATORY SYSTEM FOR 
MEDICINES
Bringing new safe and effective medicines to patients 
across the European Union
This booklet explains how the European regulatory system 
for medicines operates. 
It describes how medicines1 are authorised and monitored in the European Union (EU) and 
how the European medicines regulatory network - a partnership between the European 
Commission, the medicines regulatory authorities in EU Member States (MSs) and the 
European Economic Area (EEA), and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) - works to 
ensure that patients in the EU have access to high-quality, effective and safe medicines.
THE EU REGULATORY SYSTEM 
FOR MEDICINES
The European medicines regulatory system is 
based on a network of around 50 regulatory 
authorities from the 30 EEA countries (27 EU 
Member States plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and 
Norway), the European Commission and EMA. 
This network is what makes the EU regulatory 
system unique.
The network is supported by a pool of over 4,000 
experts drawn from across Europe, allowing it to 
source the best possible scientific expertise and to 
provide scientific advice of the highest quality.
The diversity of experts involved 
in the regulation of medicines in 
the EU encourages the exchange 
of knowledge, ideas, first-hand 
experience and best practice 
between scientists striving for  
the highest standards for 
medicines’ regulation.
EMA and the Member States cooperate and share 
expertise in the assessment of new medicinal 
products, the monitoring of their safety and the 
response to public health emergencies. They also 
rely on each other for exchange of information in 
the regulation of medicines, for example regarding 
the reporting of side effects of medicines, the 
oversight of clinical trials, conducting inspections 
of medicine manufacturers, and ensuring 
medicine manufacturers’ compliance with good 
clinical practice (GCP), good manufacturing 
practice (GMP), good distribution practice (GDP) 
and good pharmacovigilance practice (GVP).  
1 The regulation of medical devices does not fall within the scope of the European regulatory system for medicines. For 
information on EMA’s role in the regulation of medical devices, see https://www.ema.europa.eu/en/human-regulatory/
overview/medical-devices


=== PAGE 3 ===

2
This works because EU legislation requires that 
each Member State operates to the same rules 
and requirements regarding the authorisation and 
monitoring of medicines.
IT systems which connect all parties in the 
network facilitate the exchange of information on 
aspects such as safety monitoring of medicines, 
authorisation and supervision of clinical trials, and 
compliance with good manufacturing and 
distribution practices.
By working closely together, 
Member States reduce duplication, 
share the workload and ensure the 
efficient and effective regulation of 
medicines across the EU.
MARKETING AUTHORISATIONS
To protect public health and ensure the availability 
of high-quality, safe and effective medicines for 
European citizens, all medicines must be 
authorised before they can be placed on the 
market in the EU. The European system offers 
different routes for such an authorisation.
The centralised procedure allows the marketing 
of a medicine on the basis of a single EU-wide 
assessment and marketing authorisation which is 
valid throughout the EU. Pharmaceutical 
companies submit a single authorisation 
application to EMA.
The Agency’s Committee for Medicinal Products 
for Human Use (CHMP) or Committee for 
Veterinary Medicinal Products (CVMP) then carries 
out a scientific assessment of the application and 
gives a recommendation to the European 
Commission on whether or not to grant a 
marketing authorisation. Once granted by the 
European Commission, the centralised marketing 
authorisation is automatically valid in all EU 
Member States. The use of the centralised 
procedure is compulsory for most innovative 
medicines, including medicines for rare diseases 
and advanced-therapy medicines.
Not all medicines authorised in the EU fall within 
the scope of the centralised procedure, as most 
are authorised by national competent authorities 
(NCAs) in the Member States.
EMA enables one application, 
one assessment, one market 
authorisation for the whole of  
the EU.
When a company wants to have a medicine 
authorised in several Member States, it can use 
one of the following procedures:
• the decentralised procedure, where 
companies can apply for the simultaneous 
authorisation of a medicine in more than one 
EU Member State if it has not yet been 
authorised in any EU country and does not fall 
within the scope of the centralised procedure;
• the mutual recognition procedure, where 
companies that have a medicine authorised in 
one EU Member State can apply for this 
authorisation to be recognised in other EU 
countries. This process allows Member States 
to rely on each other’s scientific assessments.
Different authorisation routes: one 
set of common rules.


=== PAGE 4 ===

3
Rules and requirements applicable to 
pharmaceuticals in the EU are the same, 
irrespective of the authorisation route for a 
medicine. 
Transparency about how the system works and 
how it reaches its decisions is an important 
feature of the EU regulatory system for medicines.
A European Public Assessment Report, or EPAR, is 
published for every human or veterinary medicine 
that has been granted or refused a marketing 
authorisation following an assessment by EMA. For 
a medicine that is authorised by a Member State, 
details on the assessment of the medicine are also 
available in a Public Assessment Report. All EPARs 
are translated into all 24 official EU languages.
EMA also publishes clinical data submitted by 
pharmaceutical companies to support their 
regulatory applications for human medicines under 
the centralised procedure. Proactive publication of 
clinical data on EMA’s clinical data website builds 
public trust and confidence in EMA’s scientific and 
decision-making processes, avoids duplication of 
clinical trials, and enables academics and 
researchers to re-assess clinical data.
PRICING AND REIMBURSEMENT
Once a marketing authorisation has been 
granted, decisions on price and reimbursement 
take place at the level of each Member State 
considering the potential role and use of the 
medicine in the context of the national health 
system of that country.
THE ROLE OF THE EUROPEAN 
COMMISSION
The European Commission plays an important role 
in the regulation of medicines in the EU. On the 
basis of scientific assessments carried out by 
EMA, it grants or refuses, amends or suspends 
marketing authorisations for medicines evaluated 
via the centralised procedure. It can also take 
EU-wide action when a safety issue has been 
identified for a nationally authorised product and 
when harmonised regulatory measures in all MSs 
are considered necessary following assessment by 
EMA’s safety committee, the PRAC. 
The European Commission can also take action 
concerning other aspects of medicine regulation:
• Right of initiative - it can propose new or 
amended legislation for the pharmaceutical 
sector;
• Implementation - it can adopt implementing 
measures as well as oversee the correct 
application of EU law on pharmaceuticals;
• Global outreach - it ensures appropriate 
collaboration with relevant international 
partners and promotes the EU regulatory 
system globally.
THE ROLE OF EMA
EMA is responsible for the scientific evaluation, 
primarily of innovative and high-technology 
medicines developed by pharmaceutical 
companies for use in the EU. EMA was established 
in 1995 to ensure the best use of scientific 
resources across Europe for the evaluation, 
supervision and pharmacovigilance of medicines.
Experts participate in the work of EMA as members 
of its scientific committees, working parties, 
scientific advisory groups and other ad hoc 
advisory groups, or as members of the national 
assessment teams that evaluate medicines. 
The experts are chosen on the basis of their 
scientific expertise and/or their experience with a 
specific disease and many of them are made 
available to EMA by the NCAs in Member States. 


=== PAGE 5 ===

4
EMA experts cannot have any financial or other 
Their signed declarations of interests are publicly 
interests in the pharmaceutical and medical 
available.
device industry that could affect their impartiality. 
EMA’S SCIENTIFIC COMMITTEES
The EMA currently has seven scientific committees that carry out its 
scientific assessments:
• Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP)
• Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee (PRAC)
• Committee for Veterinary Medicinal Products (CVMP)
• Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP)
• Committee on Herbal Medicinal Products (HMPC)
• Committee for Advanced Therapies (CAT)
• Paediatric Committee (PDCO)
NATIONAL COMPETENT AUTHORITIES 
The national competent authorities (NCAs), responsible for the regulation 
of human and veterinary medicines in EU Member States, coordinate their 
work in a forum called Heads of Medicines Agencies (HMA). 
HMA work closely with EMA and the European Commission to maximise 
cooperation and ensure the European medicines regulatory network 
functions efficiently. The HMA meets four times per year to address 
key strategic issues, such as exchange of information, IT developments 
and sharing of best practices, and to streamline mutual recognition and 
decentralised procedures.


=== PAGE 6 ===

5
PREPARING FOR AND MANAGING 
PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCIES
EMA plays a key role in the preparation for and 
during major events and public health 
emergencies, such as a pandemic, in line with 
the Regulation (EU) 2022/123 on EMA’s reinforced 
role in crisis preparedness and management. 
EMA’s Emergency Task Force (ETF) is an advisory 
and support body and is the cornerstone of EMA’s 
crisis preparedness and emergency response. 
It provides advice to developers of vaccines and 
therapeutics that could address the public  
health emergency or that are directed against 
pathogens with potential to cause public health 
emergencies, and offers scientific support to 
facilitate clinical trials in the EU for the most 
promising medicines. It also issues scientific 
recommendations to EMA’s human medicines 
committee (CHMP) on the use of medicines prior 
to their authorisation, such as compassionate use 
programmes or national emergency use 
authorisations, and conducts scientific reviews of 
data on medicinal products which may be used to 
address a public health emergency.
EMA’s Executive Steering Group on Shortages and 
Safety of Medicinal Products (MSSG) ensures a 
robust response to issues impacting the quality, 
safety, efficacy and supply of medicines during 
major events and public health emergencies2. 
2 As of February 2023, EMA is also responsible for monitoring events, reporting shortages and coordinating responses 
of EU countries to shortages of critical medical devices and in-vitro diagnostic medical devices during public health 
emergencies
The MSSG monitors the supply and demand of 
critical medicines to identify any potential or 
actual shortages of these medicines, and provides 
recommendations and coordinating actions, at EU 
level, that aim to prevent shortages or mitigate 
their effects. In addition, where the public health 
emergency or the major event may affect the 
quality, safety or efficacy of medicinal products, 
the MSSG is responsible for evaluating the 
information, and for considering the need for 
urgent and EU-coordinated actions. 
The MSSG is supported by the Medicine Shortages 
Single Point of Contact (SPOC) Working Party 
consisting of representatives of the national 
competent authorities for medicinal products, who 
are responsible for sharing information on ongoing 
or potential shortages with EMA and the network.
SUPPORT FOR THE DEVELOPMENT 
OF MEDICINES
The Agency supports the development of 
regulatory mechanisms to help promising new 
medicines reach patients as early as possible. The 
Agency can also give advice on data requirements 
to ensure that a mature dossier is in place at the 
time of the marketing authorisation application.
Guidelines
EMA prepares scientific guidelines in cooperation 
with experts from its scientific committees and 
working groups, and in consultation with patients 
and healthcare professionals. These guidelines 
reflect the latest thinking on developments in 
biomedical science. They are available to guide 
the development programmes of all medicine 
developers who wish to submit an application for 
a marketing authorisation in the EU, and to 
ensure that medicines are developed consistently 
and to the highest quality.
Innovation Task Force
The Innovation Task Force (ITF) is a 
multidisciplinary group that includes scientific, 
technical, methodological, regulatory and  
legal competences.  
 
 


=== PAGE 7 ===

6
 
ITF briefing meetings allow medicine developers, 
in particular small and medium-sized enterprises 
and academics, to engage in very early dialogue 
on scientific, technical and methodological aspects 
related to the development of innovative 
medicines.
This facilitates the informal exchange of 
information and guidance in the development 
process, complementing, reinforcing and preparing 
for existing formal procedures such as qualification 
of novel methodologies and scientific advice.
SME office
The SME office provides incentives and support for 
micro, small and medium-sized enterprises 
(SMEs) that are developing medicines for human 
or veterinary use, in order to promote innovation 
and the development of new medicines. This 
support is open to all companies and enterprises 
that have SME status assigned by EMA.
Scientific advice
EMA gives product-specific scientific advice to 
companies for the development of medicines. This 
is an important tool to help develop and make 
available high-quality, effective and safe 
medicines, for the benefit of patients. Scientific 
advice can also be given by NCAs.
PRIME
PRIME is a voluntary scheme to support the 
development of medicines that target an unmet 
medical need. It allows medicine developers to 
engage in early dialogue and enhances the 
interaction with EMA to optimise their 
development plans. This helps companies to 
generate more robust data and accelerates the 
assessment of these medicines so they can reach 
patients earlier.
INVOLVEMENT OF PATIENTS AND 
HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONALS
Patients and healthcare professionals are part of 
EMA’s Management Board and are involved in the 
evaluation of medicines throughout their 
regulatory lifecycle. They bring clinical-practice 
experience and real-life perspective of living with 
a condition into medicine-specific discussions. 
Patients and healthcare professionals are 
members of EMA’s scientific committees (CAT, 
COMP, PDCO, PRAC), the Emergency Task Force 
(ETF) and the Medicine Shortages Steering Group 
(MSSG), and contribute as individual experts in 
scientific advice and scientific advisory groups. 
They also review documents prior to their 
publication and provide input in the drafting of 
scientific guidelines. Scientific committees can 
consult patients and healthcare professionals on 
disease-specific issues. As an example, EMA’s 
safety committee, the PRAC, can hold public 
hearings during safety reviews of medicines to 
gather perspectives, knowledge and insights into 
the way medicines are used in clinical practice.
EMA also works closely with European 
organisations representing patients, consumers, 
healthcare professionals and learned societies, 
and has dedicated working parties to exchange 
views with healthcare professionals (HCPWP) and 
with patients and consumers (PCWP). These 
bodies provide input into EMA’s wider 
consultations on scientific guidelines and on 
policies and strategic objectives (e.g. regulatory 
science strategy, antimicrobial resistance).
ENGAGEMENT WITH ACADEMICS
The academic sector represents an important 
source of innovation and nurtures the product 
pipelines of small and medium-sized enterprises 
and larger companies. EMA collaborates with 
academia to support opportunities offered by 
advances in science and technology and to ensure 
regulators’ preparedness for future challenges.


=== PAGE 8 ===

7
EMA offers fee incentives to the academic sector 
to encourage the development of priority 
medicines and medicines for patients with rare 
diseases. It also provides regulatory and scientific 
support to facilitate development of new and 
innovative medicines.
EMA is also involved in a number of research 
projects with the academic sector, learned societies 
and research groups as part of its mission to foster 
scientific excellence in regulatory science. 
AUTHORISATION AND 
SUPERVISION OF 
MANUFACTURERS
Manufacturers, importers and distributors of 
medicines in the EU must be licensed before they 
can carry out medicine-related activities. 
The regulatory authorities of each Member State 
are responsible for granting licences for such 
activities taking place within their respective 
territories. All manufacturing and importing 
licenses are entered into EudraGMDP, the publicly-
available European database operated by EMA.
Manufacturers listed in the application of a 
medicine to be marketed in the EU are inspected 
by an EU competent authority. This includes 
manufacturers located outside the EU unless a 
mutual recognition agreement (MRA) is in place 
between the European Union and the country of 
manufacture which allows EU authorities and their 
counterparts to rely on each other’s inspections.
Inspection outcomes can be accessed by all 
Member States and are made publicly available 
across the EU through EudraGMDP.
Equivalence between Member States’ 
inspectorates is ensured and maintained in a 
variety of ways, including common legislation, 
common good manufacturing practice (GMP), 
common procedures for inspectorates, technical 
support, meetings, trainings, and internal and 
external audits.
In order to be imported into the EU, an active 
pharmaceutical ingredient needs to be 
accompanied by a Written Confirmation issued by 
the competent authority of the country where it is 
produced, confirming that the good manufacturing 
practice (GMP) applied is at least equivalent to the 
recognised EU GMP standards. 
A waiver applies for some countries which have 
applied to have their regulatory systems for the 
supervision of manufacturers of active 
pharmaceutical ingredients assessed by the EU 
and have been found to be equivalent to the EU.
Every batch of medicines must be certified as 
having been manufactured and tested in 
accordance with GMP and in conformance with the 
marketing authorisation before it can be released 
onto the market in the EU. If the product is 
manufactured outside the EU and has been 
imported, it needs to undergo full analytical 
testing in the EU, unless a mutual recognition 
agreement (MRA) is in place between the EU and 
the exporting country.
SAFETY MONITORING  
OF MEDICINES
The European regulatory system for medicines 
monitors the safety of all medicines that are 
available on the European market throughout 
their life span.
All suspected side effects that are reported by 
patients and healthcare professionals must be 
entered into EudraVigilance, the EU database 
operated by EMA to collect, manage and analyse 
reports of suspected side effects of medicines. 
These data are continuously monitored by EMA 
and the Member States in order to identify any 
new safety information.


=== PAGE 9 ===

8
EMA provides public access to reports of 
suspected side effects for authorised medicines in 
the EEA in the European database of suspected 
drug-reaction reports. This website allows users 
to view data from all suspected side effect reports 
submitted to EudraVigilance.
EMA has a committee dedicated to the safety of 
medicines for human use - the Pharmacovigilance 
Risk Assessment Committee, or PRAC. The PRAC 
has a broad remit covering all aspects of 
pharmacovigilance. In addition to its role in risk 
assessment, the committee provides advice and 
recommendations to the European medicines 
regulatory network on risk management planning 
and benefit-risk assessment for medicines after 
marketing.
If there is a safety issue with a medicine that is 
authorised in more than one Member State, the 
same regulatory action agreed by the PRAC is 
taken across the EU and patients and healthcare 
professionals in all Member States are provided 
with the same guidance.
CLINICAL TRIALS
The authorisation and oversight of a clinical trial is 
the responsibility of the Member State in which the
trial is taking place. The Clinical Trials Information 
System (CTIS) is an online system that supports 
the regulatory submission, authorisation and 
supervision of clinical trials in the EU and the EEA. 
It allows clinical trial sponsors to submit an 
application to run a trial in one or more EU 
Member States, and national competent 
authorities (NCAs) to process the application and 
oversee the authorised trials. Clinical trial 
protocols and results are publicly available.
The Accelerating Clinical Trials in the EU (ACT EU) 
initiative aims to develop the EU further as a 
competitive centre for innovative clinical 
research. It builds on the Clinical Trials Regulation
and the launch of CTIS and aims to promote 
larger, multinational trials specifically in the 
academic setting, enable innovative trial 
methods, and develop and publish guidance on 
key methodologies.
ACT EU also supports the modernisation of Good 
Clinical Practice (GCP) and a multi-stakeholder 
platform to facilitate a more holistic discussion 
across the clinical research landscape.
 
 
REAL-WORLD DATA
Data generated in real-world healthcare settings, 
such as data from electronic health records and 
health insurance claims, can complement evidence 
from clinical trials in medicines assessment.
EMA manages the Data Analysis and Real World 
Interrogation Network (DARWIN EU®), a 
federated network which gives the European 
regulatory network access to results from analysis 
of data from real-world healthcare databases 
across the EU. These results inform regulatory 
decision making and support the development, 
authorisation and safe and effective use of 
medicines by patients.
INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION
The European Commission and EMA, in close 
cooperation with Member States, work to forge 
close ties with partner organisations around the 
world. These activities aim to foster the timely 
exchange of regulatory and scientific expertise 
and the development of best practices in the 
regulatory field across the world.
The European Commission and EMA work with the 
World Health Organization (WHO) on a range of 
issues, including high-priority medicines intended 
for markets outside the EU (medicines reviewed 
under EMA’s so-called ‘EU-Medicines for all 
procedure’ or EU-M4all), the quality of medicines 
and the development of international non-
proprietary names. 


=== PAGE 10 ===

9
SUPPORTING ACCESS TO HIGH-PRIORITY MEDICINES FOR 
PATIENTS OUTSIDE THE EU — EU-M4ALL 
EMA’s human medicines committee, the CHMP, can carry out scientific 
assessments and give opinions on medicines for use exclusively outside the 
EU. When assessing these medicines, the CHMP cooperates with WHO and 
national regulators in the countries where the products are expected to be 
used and applies the same rigorous standards as for medicines intended for 
use inside the EU. Medicines eligible for this procedure are used to prevent 
or treat diseases that impact global public health. This includes vaccines 
used in the WHO Expanded Programme on Immunization, or for protection 
against a public health priority disease, as well as medicines for WHO target 
diseases such as HIV/AIDS, malaria, dengue and tuberculosis. 
Cooperation with WHO and regulators from target countries enriches 
the epidemiology and local disease expertise, facilitates a benefit-risk 
assessment tailored to the intended non-EU population, streamlines the 
WHO prequalification programme and facilitates national registration of 
medicines in target countries.
The OPEN Initiative allows WHO and some 
Convention and the Pharmaceutical Inspection 
medicines regulators from outside the EU to take 
Co-operation Scheme (jointly referred to as 
part in selected EMA scientific evaluations. The 
PIC/S), a close international cooperation between
initiative aims to facilitate sharing of scientific 
pharmaceutical inspection authorities in the  
expertise, tackle common challenges and enhance 
field of GMP.
transparency on regulatory decisions. 
Regulatory cooperation and exchange of 
For the EU, one of the main forums for multilateral 
information with international regulators is also 
international cooperation is the International 
assured through the International Pharmaceutical 
Council for Harmonisation of Technical 
Regulators Programme (IPRP).
Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use 
(ICH), which brings together medicines regulatory 
A strategic forum at the level of global agencies, 
authorities and pharmaceutical industry from 
the International Coalition of Medicines 
around the world. ICH is dedicated to 
Regulatory Authorities (ICMRA), was established 
harmonisation in safety, quality and efficacy as 
in 2013. ICMRA is a voluntary, executive-level 
the main criteria for approving and authorising 
entity of medicines regulatory authorities 
new medicines. The International Cooperation on 
worldwide providing strategic coordination, 
Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for 
advocacy and leadership.
Registration of Veterinary Medicinal Products is 
the equivalent forum for veterinary medicines.
There are also a number of bilateral cooperation 
agreements in place that facilitate the exchange 
EMA and many national competent authorities are 
of important information on medicines between 
also involved in the Pharmaceutical Inspection 
regulators inside and outside the EU.
 


=== PAGE 11 ===

10
THE EUROPEAN UNION — KEY FACTS
Population 
>477 Million
GDP
€ 14.5 Trillion
Medicines regulatory authorities 
50+
Official languages 
24
The EU has developed a single market 
Accession to the EU means a commitment 
through a standardised system of laws that 
to apply the “acquis communautaire” 
apply to all its Member States. The same 
(the body of EU legislation and guidance) to 
rules and harmonised procedures apply to 
ensure that all EU Member States operate 
all the 27 Member States regarding the 
to the same standards.
authorisation of medicines and the 
supervision of their safety.
27 EU Member States: Austria, 
Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of 
Cyprus, Czechia, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, 
Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, 
Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, 
Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, 
Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain 
and Sweden 
European Economic Area (EEA): 
27 EU Member States plus Iceland, 
Liechtenstein and Norway


=== PAGE 12 ===

European Medicines Agency
Domenico Scarlattilaan 6 
1083 HS Amsterdam 
The Netherlands
Telephone +31 (0)88 781 6000
Send a question www.ema.europa.eu/contact
www.ema.europa.eu
Printed by the Publications Office of the European Union in Luxembourg
Luxembourg: Publications Office of the European Union, 2024
© European Medicines Agency, 2023
Print 
ISBN 978-92-9155-102-6 
doi:10.2809/50609
 
 
TC-02-24-455-EN-C
Reproduction is authorised provided the source is acknowledged
PDF 
ISBN 978-92-9155-094-4 
doi:10.2809/149734
 
 
TC-02-24-455-EN-N


