=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Johannes Czernin, MD
UCLA
████████████████(b) (4)MA#1

Ga68-PSMA(b) (4) as a new option for use in PET scans to detect prostate-cancer cells
throughout the body. This use is one for which a prescription would be needed because it
requires the supervision of a physician and, thus, adequate directions for lay use cannot be
written.

Although 21 CFR 201.115(b) provides an exemption from the adequate directions for use
requirement in section 502(f)(1) of the FD&C Act if a new drug “complies with section 505(i) .
. . and regulations thereunder,” your investigational drug fails to do so.² Among the
requirements for the exemption for investigational drugs, 21 CFR 312.7 provides that “[a]
sponsor or investigator, or any person acting on behalf of a sponsor or investigator, shall not
represent in a promotional context that an investigational new drug is safe or effective for the
purposes for which it is under investigation or otherwise promote the drug. This provision is
not intended to restrict the full exchange of scientific information concerning the drug,
including dissemination of scientific findings in scientific or lay media. Rather, its intent is to
restrict promotional claims of safety or effectiveness of the drug for a use for which it is under
investigation and to preclude commercialization of the drug before it is approved for
commercial distribution.”

The webpage and brochure contain claims that promote Ga68-PSMA(b) (4) as safe and
effective for the purpose for which it is being investigated or otherwise promote the drug,
including the following:
* “New imaging test accurately detects prostate-cancer cells throughout the body”

* “68Ga-PSMA PET/CT imaging, or PSMA-PET imaging for short, represents a major
advance in detecting prostate cancer. At UCLA, with the availability of PSMA-PET
imaging patients now have a new option of detecting prostate cancer cells anywhere in
the body more accurately than traditional methods.”

* “Since PSMA-PET imaging became available at UCLA in September, patients now
have a new option that’s better at detecting the location of prostate-cancer
recurrences.”

* “This test has had a tremendous and immediate impact on prostate-cancer patients . .
. They can really benefit from this.”

* “There are no common side effects or significant risks . . .”

* “In contrast to the traditional studies, PSMA-PET imaging offers high sensitivity and
specificity.”

* “Whereas the unreliable results of traditional tests can lead to unnecessary or
insufficient disease treatment and management decisions, PSMA-PET allows doctors
to make more informed treatment decisions. While radiation and surgery are typical in

² 21 CFR 201.100 offers another exemption from the requirement for adequate directions for use for prescription
drugs provided certain requirements are met; however, Ga68-PSMA(b) (4) does not fall within that exemption
because it is an investigational new drug for which there is no marketing authorization in the United States.

Reference ID: 4201253

Page 2
