=== PAGE 1 ===

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 
 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY 
PRESS RELEASE 
6 MAY 2020 
 
 
 
HSA REMOVED MORE THAN 1,700 LISTINGS OF HEALTH 
PRODUCTS MAKING FRAUDULENT COVID-19 RELATED CLAIMS; 
WARNINGS ISSUED TO OVER 1,600 INDIVIDUAL SELLERS AND 
COMPANIES  
The Health Sciences Authority (HSA) has intensified surveillance on local e-
commerce platforms and retail shops to clamp down on health products with false and 
misleading claims that purport to prevent, treat or diagnose COVID-19. Since February 
2020, more than 1,700 product listings have been removed for making fraudulent 
COVID-19 claims, and over 1,600 warning letters have been issued to the sellers and 
companies marketing such products.  
2 
The products detected include test kits for home use, health supplements, 
herbs, traditional medicines and hand sanitisers. Please refer to Annex A for the online 
listings of some of these products. 
 
ILLEGAL SALE OF TEST KITS FOR HOME USE 
3 
To date, HSA has detected and removed more than 40 listings of COVID-19 
test kits for sale on local e-commerce platforms with the cooperation of Carousell, 
Lazada, Shopee, Ebay and Facebook etc. The sellers of these test kits have made 
fraudulent claims such as “positive results may be visible (in) as soon as 2 minutes”, 
“95% Accuracy and Results within 10 minutes” or “diagnose COVID-19 within 10 
minutes”. These test kits were sold at $10 - $290. From HSA’s investigation, none of 
the sellers had the physical stocks with them and would only import them from 
overseas upon receiving the orders.  
4 
HSA has not approved any COVID-19 test kits for home use. These test kits 
are not validated by the authority and have inherent design and technology limitations 
that may result in incorrect or misleading findings.  
5 
Currently, testing for COVID-19 in Singapore can only be done by clinical 
laboratories or medical professionals in clinics and hospitals to ensure an accurate 
test result and diagnosis. Consumers who feel unwell should seek medical advice. 
Self-directed use of such unapproved test kits by consumers can lead to a false sense 


=== PAGE 2 ===

of security and risk the spreading of COVID-19 unknowingly due to false negative 
readings, or result in delay in seeking appropriate treatment.  
 
HEALTH PRODUCTS WITH FALSE AND MISLEADING CLAIMS 
6 
Many sellers and companies (such as Chinese medical halls, health 
supplement retailers and multi-level marketing companies) have also advertised an 
array of products as being able to prevent or fight against COVID-19. HSA has 
detected and removed over a hundred such online listings and warned these sellers 
and companies. The products included health supplements, traditional medicines, 
herbal remedies and probiotics. Health supplements such as “red ginseng” and 
“Hawaiian spirulina” sold online were promoted as being “good for coronavirus”, and 
herbal fragrance pouches sold at a TCM clinic were marketed to help “protect from the 
coronavirus”. Other products had claims such as “prevent COVID-19 with this immune 
system booster” and “use Vit C for the prevention of COVID-19”. 
7 
Most of these products are meant for general health and wellness. There is no 
scientific evidence that any of these products can prevent or treat COVID-19. These 
fraudulent claims give a false impression that one may be well-protected or immune 
from the dangers of the ongoing pandemic.  
 
MISLEADING CLAIMS FOR SANITISERS AND DISINFECTANT SPRAYS FOR 
HANDS/BODY 
8 
Misleading claims have also been made on hand and body sanitisers. HSA has 
issued more than 650 warning letters to sellers and companies, which made false or 
misleading claims in their advertisements. The claims included “protects against 
Coronavirus”, “kill viruses including coronavirus” and “stops coronavirus”. Consumers 
are advised that washing your hands regularly with soap and water is still the best way 
in reducing the spread of germs such as bacteria and viruses. Hand sanitisers can be 
used when soap and water are not available, but they may not eliminate all types of 
germs and may not work well if hands are visibly dirty.  
 
HSA’S ADVISORY 
9 
“Consumers should be aware that there are no HSA approved home-based test 
kits; no health supplements or herbal remedies, and no consumer devices approved 
for COVID-19 diagnosis or treatment. Do not fall for the marketing gimmicks of sellers 
and retailers,” said Associate Professor Chan Cheng Leng, Group Director of the 


=== PAGE 3 ===

Health Products Regulation Group, HSA. “Not only do consumers waste money on 
these unproven remedies, they may put themselves and people around them at 
unnecessary risk due to the false sense of security.”  
10 
Dr Leong Hoe Nam, infectious disease specialist at Mount Elizabeth Hospital 
and member of the Medicines Advisory Committee, added: “It is unfortunate that many 
unscrupulous dealers preyed on the fears of public, offering these unproven tests and 
treatment regimens and even oversell their sanitisers. This is not only falsely 
misleading, it is ethically wrong. The public should be wary of these gimmicks. The 
more impossible the claims are, the more likely it is a dud. Don't fall prey, don't be a 
victim. Fact check and stay safe.” 
 
ALERT HSA TO SUSPICIOUS PRODUCTS 
11 
HSA will continue to actively monitor the market and take stern actions against 
sellers and companies that make false and misleading claims on their health products. 
We also encourage consumers to be vigilant and report any suspicious sale or 
advertising of health products with COVID-19 related claims to HSA, through email at 
hsa_is@hsa.gov.sg or by phone at 6866 3485 for our further action. 
 
ADVISORY TO SELLERS AND SUPPLIERS 
12 
 HSA reminds dealers and sellers not to make false or misleading claims that 
the products they are selling can prevent, protect against or treat diseases such as 
COVID-19. 
13 
Any claim made in relation to COVID-19 must be supported by the appropriate 
scientific evidence. A product that makes such a claim must first be evaluated and 
registered by HSA. Sellers who falsely advertise products as preventing or treating 
COVID-19 are liable to prosecution and if convicted, may be imprisoned for up to 12 
months and/or fined up to $20,000. 
14 
HSA reminds those who intend to deal in medicines or health products over the 
Internet to first check and familiarise themselves with any regulatory requirements or 
controls that may be applicable to them, so as to avoid inadvertently contravening the 
law in Singapore. 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY 
SINGAPORE 
6 MAY 2020 


=== PAGE 4 ===

 
 
About the Health Sciences Authority (HSA) 
The Health Sciences Authority (HSA) applies medical, pharmaceutical and scientific 
expertise through its three professional groups, Health Products Regulation, Blood 
Services and Applied Sciences, to protect and advance national health and safety. 
HSA is a multidisciplinary authority. It serves as the national regulator for health 
products, ensuring they are wisely regulated to meet standards of safety, quality and 
efficacy. As the national blood service, it is responsible for providing a safe and 
adequate blood supply. It also applies specialised scientific, forensic, investigative and 
analytical capabilities in serving the administration of justice. For more details, visit 
http://www.hsa.gov.sg/.  
For more updates on public health and safety matters, follow us on Twitter at 
www.twitter.com/HSAsg.  
 
About HSA’s Health Products Regulation Group 
The Health Products Regulation Group (HPRG) of HSA ensures that drugs, innovative 
therapeutics, medical devices and health-related products are wisely regulated and 
meet appropriate safety, quality and efficacy standards. It contributes to the 
development of biomedical sciences in Singapore by administering a robust, scientific 
and responsive regulatory framework. 
 
 


=== PAGE 5 ===

ANNEX A 
 
Online listings of products making fraudulent COVID-19 related claims 
 
 
 


=== PAGE 6 ===

[No text content found on this page]

=== PAGE 7 ===

[No text content found on this page]

=== PAGE 8 ===

[No text content found on this page]

=== PAGE 9 ===

[No text content found on this page]

