=== PAGE 1 ===

 
 
 GUIDANCE FOR INDUSTRY 
GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENTS AND SALES PROMOTION 
OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS  
 
 
 
 
 
02 APRIL 2019 


=== PAGE 2 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 2 of 20 
 
PREFACE 
This document is intended to provide general guidance. Although we have tried to 
ensure that the information contained here is accurate, we do not, however, warrant 
its accuracy or completeness. The Health Sciences Authority (HSA) accepts no 
liability for any errors or omissions in this document, or for any action / decision 
taken or not taken as a result of using this document. If you need specific legal or 
professional advice, you should consult your own legal or other relevant professional 
advisers. 
 
In the event of any contradiction between the contents of this document and any 
written law, the latter should take precedence. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
REVISION HISTORY  
Guidance Version (Publish date): Version 3 (uploaded on 2 Apr 2019) 


=== PAGE 3 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 3 of 20 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
1   INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................................... 4 
1.1 Introduction ...................................................................................................................... 4 
1.2 Legislation ....................................................................................................................... 4 
1.3 Definitions ........................................................................................................................ 4 
2 MEDICAL ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION PERMIT REQUIREMENTS ...... 5 
2.1 Types of advertisements ................................................................................................. 6 
2.1.1 
Advertisement using light and sound projection ................................................ 6 
2.1.2 
Any other advertisement ................................................................................... 6 
2.1.3 
Sales promotion ................................................................................................ 6 
2.2 Application for medical advertisement and sales promotion permits ............................... 6 
2.3 Exception for trade, business or profession .................................................................... 7 
3 REQUIREMENTS AND GUIDELINES FOR MEDICAL ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES 
PROMOTION ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................... 7 
3.1 False or misleading advertisements and representations ............................................... 8 
3.2 Prohibited diseases and conditions ................................................................................. 8 
3.3 Further guidelines for conduct of medical advertisements .............................................. 9 
3.4 Further guidelines for conduct of sales promotion ......................................................... 14 
APPENDIX 1 – TYPES OF APPLICATIONS ........................................................................... 15 
APPENDIX 2 – ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION PERMIT APPLICATION 
PROCEDURES AND FEES ................................................................................................. 18 
 
 


=== PAGE 4 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 4 of 20 
1   INTRODUCTION 
 
1.1 
Introduction 
 
The objective of advertisement controls for medicinal products is to ensure that accurate and 
factual information about the products is disseminated and to ensure that the advertisements 
and sales promotion activities do not mislead consumers or induce unnecessary purchase or 
consumption of the products. This is essential in helping both the public and healthcare 
professionals to make informed decisions in their choice of the products.  
 
This Guidance provides the requirements on the conduct of advertisements and sales 
promotion activities for medicinal products and is intended to complement the provisions 
prescribed under the Medicines Act and its subsidiary legislation, the Medicines (Medical 
Advertisement) Regulations.  
 
Anyone who advertise any medicinal product are required to comply with the requirements in 
this Guidance and the relevant legislation.  
 
The examples highlighted in this Guidance are not exhaustive and may be updated 
periodically. 
 
1.2 
Legislation 
 
The requirements for the advertisements and sales promotion activities of medicinal 
products are prescribed in the following legislation: 
 
• 
Medicines Act - Part VI Promotion of Sales of Medicinal Products and Medical 
Advertisements 
• 
Medicines (Medical Advertisements) Regulations 
 
1.3 
Definitions 
 
“Advertisement” as defined in Part VI of Medicines Act, includes every form of advertising, 
whether in a publication, or by the display of any notice or signboard, or by means of any 
catalogue, price list, letter (whether circular or addressed to a particular person) or other 
documents, or by words inscribed on any article, or by the exhibition of a photograph or a 
cinematograph film, or by way of sound recording, sound broadcasting or television, or in 


=== PAGE 5 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 5 of 20 
any other way, and any reference to the issue of an advertisement shall be construed 
accordingly. 
 
“Medical advertisement” as defined in Part VI of Medicines Act, means an advertisement 
relating or likely to cause any person to believe that it relates to any medicinal product or any 
device, instrument, apparatus or contrivance used or represented to be used for a medicinal 
purpose. 
 
“Sales promotion” as defined in the Medicines (Medical Advertisements) Regulations 
means any medical advertisement in the form of a sales campaign (including door-to-door 
sales and price discounts), an exhibition, a competition or any other activity meant to 
introduce, publicise or raise the profile, or public awareness or visibility, of the medicinal 
product. 
 
“Medicinal Products” as referred to in the Medicines Act includes (not exhaustive): 
(a) Chinese Proprietary Medicines (CPM) 
(b) Traditional Medicines (TM) 
(c) Homeopathic Medicines (HM)  
(d) Quasi-medicinal products e.g. medicated soaps / plasters / beverages / toothpastes, 
vitamin and mineral preparations 
(e) Medicated Oil and Balms  
 
2 
MEDICAL ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION PERMIT REQUIREMENTS 
 
All advertisements and sales promotion activities of medicinal products directed to the 
general public are subject to advertisement and sales promotion permit controls by the 
Authority.  
 
Prior to issuing any medical advertisements or conducting any sales promotion activities 
directed to the general public, you must ensure all of the following requirements are met: 
 
(a) the advertisement or sales promotion has a valid permit from HSA;  
(b) the permit number appears in the advertisement or sales promotion materials, or 
script for radio advertisement, where applicable;  
(c) the advertisement or sales promotion is published or conducted in accordance with 
the permit and has not been amended without prior approval by HSA. 
 


=== PAGE 6 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 6 of 20 
2.1 
Types of advertisements  
 
The following describes the different types of advertisements for submission of permit 
applications. 
 
2.1.1 Advertisement using light and sound projection 
 
Includes any advertisement with light and sound effects, e.g. television commercials, cinema 
advertisements, videos, videos on the Internet.   
 
2.1.2 Any other advertisement  
 
Includes any advertisement not using light and sound effects, i.e. still advertisement, sound 
advertisement. (This does not include advertisements in the form of sales promotions see 
2.1.3) 
 
(a) Still 
Includes any advertisement in print media, e.g. newspapers, magazines, brochures, 
posters, wobblers, stickers, display stands, lighted-boxes, mail order announcements, 
calendars, or static displays on the Internet 
 
(b) Sound 
Includes any advertisement broadcast over radio, any audio recordings, audio 
recordings on the Internet 
 
2.1.3 Sales promotion  
 
Includes any activity with the purpose of introducing, publicising or promoting the sale or use 
of a medicinal product using any modes of projection. For example (not exhaustive): price 
discounts, multiple packs offer.   
 
2.2 
Application for medical advertisement and sales promotion permits 
 
You must submit all applications for medical advertisement and sales promotion permits via 
the Pharmaceutical Regulatory Information System (PRISM) which is available on HSA’s 
website. 
Each permit is valid for 1 year from the date of issuance of permit. You may renew your 
permit on a yearly basis. 


=== PAGE 7 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 7 of 20 
Please refer to Appendix 1 and 2 for more information on types of applications, permit 
application procedures and fees.  
 
2.3 
 Exception for trade, business or profession 
 
You do not need to apply for a permit for the following types of medical advertisements and 
sales promotion activities: 
  
(a) Medical advertisements or sales promotion activities which are directed exclusively at a 
person who may lawfully sell or supply any medicinal product in the course of his trade, 
business or profession (e.g. healthcare professionals); and not accessible to the general 
public.  
 
(b) “Reference advertisement” which contains a brief description of a medicinal product, its 
use, any contra-indications and warnings appearing in a publication where the 
publication is sent or delivered to practitioners or pharmacists by a person who is not 
involved in the sale of or dealings in that medicinal product as a manufacturer, supplier, 
retailer, importer or exporter. 
 
(c) “Trade advertisement” which is issued in a catalogue, price list or other document for the 
purpose of supplying the medicinal product by wholesale, but which does not contain 
any recommendation relating to the use of the product other than as part of the name of 
the product or as part of any heading or sub-heading indicating a therapeutic 
classification. 
 
3 
REQUIREMENTS AND GUIDELINES FOR MEDICAL ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES 
PROMOTION ACTIVITIES  
 
All medical advertisement and sales promotion applications will be evaluated upon 
submission for alignment to the requirements and appropriateness for advertising to the 
general public. 
 
This section highlights the requirements and principles for the conduct of medical 
advertisements and sales promotion activities, and serves as a guide for companies to aid in 
their submission of advertising and promotion materials. 
 


=== PAGE 8 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 8 of 20 
3.1 
False or misleading advertisements and representations 
 
You must ensure that all advertised information is correct and truthful. Any claims relating to 
a particular medicinal product must be aligned with the approved uses of the product or label 
recommendations, as well as with any prevailing guidance for that category of medicinal 
product. 
 
You must not make any false or misleading advertisement or representation relating to 
medicinal products of a particular description to a practitioner, patient or person for the 
purpose of inducing him to prescribe / supply / request for / purchase the product of that 
description. 
 
An advertisement will be taken to be false or misleading if: 
(a)  it falsely describes the description of medicinal products, or  
(b) it is likely to mislead as to the nature or quality of medicinal products of that 
description or as to their uses or effects 
 
3.2 
Prohibited diseases and conditions 
 
You must not publish or cause to be published any medical advertisements directed to the 
general public that claim, indicate or suggest, whether directly or indirectly, that the 
medicinal product will prevent, alleviate or cure any disease or condition specified in the First 
Schedule to the Medicines Act. 
 
The diseases and conditions specified in the First Schedule are: 
1. Blindness 
2. Cancer  
3. Cataract 
4. Drug addiction 
5. Deafness 
6. Diabetes 
7. Epilepsy or fits 
8. Hypertension 
9. Insanity 
10. Kidney diseases 
11. Leprosy 
12. Menstrual disorders 


=== PAGE 9 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 9 of 20 
13. Paralysis 
14. Tuberculosis 
15. Sexual functions 
16. Infertility 
17. Impotence 
18. Frigidity 
19. Conception and pregnancy  
  
This prohibition does not apply to any advertisement which is distributed only to, or is 
contained in a publication (e.g. journal articles) intended for circulation mainly among one or 
more of the following classes of persons: 
(a) practitioners; 
(b) pharmacists; 
(c) nurses and midwives; 
(d) persons undergoing training with a view to becoming practitioners, pharmacists or 
nurses and midwives 
 
3.3 
Further guidelines for conduct of medical advertisements 
 
(a) 
Truthfulness 
 
Advertisements should truthfully state the nature, quality and properties of the medicinal 
product. Your advertisements must not directly or indirectly mislead the reader or give rise to 
any unrealistic expectations with regard to the safety, quality or properties of the medicinal 
product by:  
• 
implication,  
• 
through emphasising certain information 
• 
omitting information,  
• 
being ambigious,  
• 
making exaggerated claims e.g. “the only”, “longest lasting”, “works the fastest”, or  
• 
by comparison with other categories of products  
 
Recommendations relating to the use of the medicinal product must be accurately stated 
and should be relevant to their properties.  
 
(b) 
Substantiation of assertions of uniqueness and prominence 
 


=== PAGE 10 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 10 of 20 
All claims made in the advertisement must be substantiated. Any text, emphasis, 
certification, award or unique feature or prominence of the advertised product must be 
substantiated by facts or robust objective evidence from credible sources, such as, articles 
published in peer-reviewed journals.  
 
Information must be presented in a balanced, objective and accurate manner and must be 
referenced by reflecting the appropriate citations (where relevant).   
 
You must ensure that claims such as “most popular”, “number one sales” are substantiated 
by market data from credible sources, for example, recognised third party research 
companies. Supporting data must be available and must be provided upon request. You 
must also indicate the source of reference, including the identity of the certifying or awarding 
body, and the date of the study or award in the advertisement. 
 
Requirements for substantiation also apply to the publication of any testimonials. 
Testimonials include "user experience’ or “user review". Testimonials must be current, 
genuine, authenticated, for example, via signed testimonials, and be of a typical experience. 
"Typical experience" would mean the result obtained from the use of a medicinal product, 
which would likely to be attained by the average user of the product. You must present 
supporting evidence for the testimonials upon request. 
 
(c) 
Comparative Claims 
 
Medical advertisements must not denigrate or attack unfairly any other products, goods or 
services or other sectors of the industry. You must ensure that advertisements directed to 
the general public do not contain comparative claims against another named product or 
brand e.g. “works faster and better than Brand xxx”. However, comparison among medicinal 
products within the same brand by the same company to highlight differences between the 
products is allowable.  
 
(d) 
Language 
 
Medical advertisements directed to the public should be in simple-to-understand language, 
easily comprehensible and should avoid confusing medical jargons. Scientific jargons and 
irrelevancies should not be used to make claims appear to have a scientific basis they do not 
possess. Any scientific terminologies used should be in a manner that is readily understood 
by the targeted audience. 


=== PAGE 11 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 11 of 20 
 
You must not directly or indirectly cause fear, alarm, distress to the consumers or abuse the 
trust, exploit the lack of knowledge of any consumer in advertisements by using eye catching 
words, e.g. ‘danger’, ‘caution’, ‘beware’, or any repulsive or disturbing words or images that 
cause fear, alarm or distress to the public. 
 
(e) 
Use of Scientific Data 
 
Advertisements should not exploit the ignorance and credulity of the public by including 
scientific data that the general public cannot verify or validate.  Your advertisements for a 
medicinal product must not misuse research results or make unnecessary quotations from 
technical and scientific publications.   
 
(f) 
Superlatives and exaggerating terms   
 
Medical advertisements should not overly use superlatives or exaggerating terms which 
imply or suggest a usage or property which the medicinal product does not possess. 
Examples of terms that amount to superlative or exaggerative: ‘miracle’, ‘100% safe’, ‘instant 
cures’, ‘clinically proven’, ‘increase memory power’, ‘improve study grades’. 
 
(g) 
Encouraging inappropriate or excessive use  
 
Advertisements should not directly or indirectly encourage indiscriminate, unnecessary or 
excessive use of a medicinal product.  
 
You must not suggest or offer trial use of a medicinal product with phrases such as "try 
product", "free” or “complimentary”. 
 
(h) 
Guaranteed results and side effects 
 
Advertisements must not contain any claim or statement suggesting that the medicinal 
product advertised is magical or infallible or the results from taking it are guaranteed and 
extraordinary. 
 
All medicinal products have the potential to cause side-effects as each individual respond 
differently. You must not claim or suggest that the product does not cause or is free from any 
side effects. 


=== PAGE 12 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 12 of 20 
 
(i) 
Discourage from medical advice 
 
Advertisements should not in any way discourage the public from seeking the advice of a 
medical professional.  
 
You must not directly or indirectly, cause the reader to self-diagnose or self-treat any serious 
diseases1 in advertisements for the medicinal product. They must not suggest that with the 
use of the product, the consumer would not need to consult a physician or a pharmacist.  
 
Examples of serious diseases which are not allowed for direct to consumer advertisements: 
Cardiovascular disease, Dengue, Hepatitis, Neuralgia, Osteoporosis, Fatty liver diseases. 
 
(j) 
Recommendations and endorsements  
 
You must not include any recommendation by any healthcare professional in your 
advertisement. You must avoid the perception of professional endorsement in 
advertisements, for example, the feature of models in "white coats" or with stethoscopes.  
 
You must ensure that advertisements of CPM / TM directed to the general public do not 
contain recommendations or endorsement from a celebrity or give the impression of advice 
or support from a celebrity. 
 
In this context, "recommendations" can include testimonials, support and endorsements 
which would include, but is not limited to any compliment, accolade or positive assessment. 
"Celebrity" includes persons of all fields, not limited to media, sports, politics, and culinary 
personalities with or without identifying the celebrity in the advertisements. 
 
(k) 
Endorsement by Government or public authority 
 
You must not publish any advertisements reflecting false or erroneous claims indicating or 
suggesting that the use of a product is promoted, supported or endorsed by the Government 
or any public authority. 
                                                
1 Serious diseases refer to chronic / life-threatening diseases / conditions, which cannot be self-
diagnosed / managed and where a delay in treatment would lead to death, hospitalisation, serious 
injury or irreversible deterioration of the disease / condition.  


=== PAGE 13 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 13 of 20 
 
(l) 
Logos, Initials and Trademarks 
 
Advertisements should not make use of names, initials, logos and / or trade service marks of 
other firm, company or institution.  You must have written permissions from the concerned 
firm, company or institution on the use of their names, initials, logos and / or trade service 
marks before use. 
 
The names and / or logos of HSA and any of its professional groups must not be used for 
advertisement and sales promotion of a product in any media.  
 
(m) 
Refund 
 
You should not make any offer to refund money, either in full or partial, to users of the 
product.  
 
(n) 
Guidelines for specific groups of products 
 
In certain instances, additional requirements or advisories may be required for 
identified groups of products. Please see examples below: 
Product group / type 
Requirements 
Vitamins and Minerals 
Preparations 
Advertisements of products containing vitamins and 
minerals should not suggest that there is evidence of 
general widespread vitamin deficiency. 
Medicinal products 
containing Red Yeast 
Rice 
Advertisements for products containing red yeast rice 
products should provide an advisory that any person 
with existing medical conditions or taking other 
medicines should consult physician before consumption. 
Example: Please consult your physician if you are taking 
other medications.  
Weight Management 
Products 
 
Advertisements for products intended for weight 
management 
should 
contain 
an 
advisory 
for 
maintenance 
of 
good 
health. 
Example: 
Use 
in 
conjunction with a balanced diet and regular exercise. 
 
 


=== PAGE 14 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 14 of 20 
3.4 
Further guidelines for conduct of sales promotion 
 
All sales promotion mechanics are evaluated upon application submission to ensure that the 
proposed activity is appropriate, do not induce unnecessary purchase or consumption of the 
medicinal product. In general, sales promotion activities directed at the general public should 
not (not exhaustive):   
 
(a) Offer a medicinal product free-of-charge with the purchase of a non-medicinal product  
 
(b) Offer prizes through lucky draw, contest or membership with purchase of the product 
with terms such as “win a prize” or “get a lucky draw” and equivalent 
 
(c) Use terms such as “free” or “complimentary” (免 费  或  附 送 ), “get a gift” ( 赠品 ) and 
equivalent. 
 
(d) Distribute samples2 of Chinese Proprietary Medicines / Traditional Medicines / 
Homeopathic Medicines.  
 
 
                                                
2 Distribution of samples refers to the distribution of unit(s) / portion of a product to a recipient without 
charge. 


=== PAGE 15 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 15 of 20 
APPENDIX 1 – TYPES OF APPLICATIONS 
 
This Appendix describes the types of permit applications for New, Amendment and Renewal 
application submissions. If you have doubts on which application form to submit, please 
contact us at hsa_ma_appl@hsa.gov.sg.  
 
1 
New application 
 
A new application is an application for an advertisement and sales promotion permit. 
 
(a)  
Advertisement  
 
If a single copy of advertisement comes in more than one language, only one application is 
required. 
 
If an advertisement comes in more than one copy, each in a different language, separate 
applications will be required.  For example, two applications will be required for a leaflet that 
comes in two separate copies, one in English and one in Chinese. 
 
An additional application for a sale promotion permit will be required if the advertisement 
also contains a sales promotion announcement.  
 
(b) 
Sales Promotion 
 
Sales promotion activities for multiple products (up to a maximum of five products) can be 
submitted under one application. 
 
The Sales Promotion Mechanics is to be submitted as an attachment in the application in 
PRISM using the following format: 
 
1. Name of Product(s)  
2. Promotion Method (e.g. quantum of price discount) 
3. Press Advertisement, if any (to provide a draft artwork as an attachment) 
4. 
Promotion Materials (e.g. shelf-talker, wobbler), if any (to provide as an 
attachment)  
5. 
Promotion Venue (e.g. retail pharmacy, roadshows)  


=== PAGE 16 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 16 of 20 
 
2 
Amendment application  
 
An amendment is an application for a minor alteration made to an approved advertisement 
or sales promotion.   
 
Minor alterations may include change of text, inclusion or omission of some words, and / or 
change in the visuals, and the changes are along the same concept of the approved 
advertisement or sales promotion. 
 
If the alterations proposed are major, applicants would need to submit an application for a 
new permit. Amendment fees are not refundable.  
 
Amendment applications are not required for changes which do not affect the product 
claims. For example: 
(a) re-arranging the text and / or visual  
(b) updating company’s contact details, e.g. address and telephone numbers  
(c) updating retailer’s logo  
(d) updating the product’s usual selling price. 
 
Amendment of company and applicant particulars for an issued permit can be submitted via 
amend@prism: 
• 
Amend Company Information  
• 
Amend Applicant’s Details 
 
3 
Renewal  
 
 
A renewal is an application for an advertisement whose permit is nearing its expiry date and 
you wish to renew the permit. 
 
A system generated renewal notification and reminder will be sent to the company via the 
selected mode of contact indicated in the permit (e.g. email or fax), 60 days and 45 days, 
respectively, before the expiry date of a permit.  
 
a) 
For GIRO linked companies: 
 


=== PAGE 17 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 17 of 20 
The permit will be automatically renewed unless the company opts out from the renewal by 
the given date stated in the renewal notification.  
 
You must use the online ‘Auto Renewal Preference’ function to opt out of auto-renewal. 
(Note: If the opt out is successful, an acknowledgment statement will be displayed after 
clicking the Save button, i.e. 'The record is updated successfully'.) 
 
b) 
For non-GIRO linked companies: 
 
The permit will not be renewed unless the company submits a renewal application before the 
expiry date of the permit. The permit will expire and invalid if it is not renewed before its 
expiry date. 
 
You must use the online ‘Renew Advertisement and Sales Promotion Permit’ to submit a 
renewal application for the permit. 
 
 
 


=== PAGE 18 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 18 of 20 
APPENDIX 2 – ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION PERMIT APPLICATION 
PROCEDURES AND FEES 
 
If this is the first time that you are applying for a license / permit with the HSA, you are 
required to submit a one-time CRIS registration via CRIS - ‘Client Registration and 
Identification Service’ function under e-Services on the HSA’s website (cris@hsa). 
 
Please login the PRISM online system to submit your application. The modes of payment 
include GIRO and credit card. 
 
Procedures to Apply for Advertisement and Sales Promotion Permit 
1. Go to prism@hsa under e-Services on HSA’s website. 
(http://www.hsa.gov.sg/prism) 
2. Select ‘Advertisements and Sales Promotion’. 
3. Go to ‘Make an application – apply@prism’. 
4. Click [View guide] to preview the online application form in plain text. 
5. Click ‘Apply for Advertisements and Sales Promotion Permit’ to submit a new application. 
6. Complete the form with the required information and submit. 
7. Upon successful submission of an application, an acknowledgement with an application 
number will be generated. The application number is not a permit number. You may use 
the application number for enquiry before the approval of the application. 
 
Note: 
8. The processing time for each application is 14 working days, excluding time taken by 
applicant to make required changes.  
9. If the application is approved, a permit number will be issued with an endorsed copy of 
the approved specimen, i.e. ‘MAHPxxxxxxx’ for approved advertisement, ‘MAHSxxxxxxx’ 
for approved sales promotion. 
 
You may contact us at hsa_ma_appl@hsa.gov.sg if you need any assistance on your 
application.


=== PAGE 19 ===

GUIDE ON ADVERTISEMENT AND SALES PROMOTION OF MEDICINAL PRODUCTS 
 APRIL 2019 
HEALTH SCIENCES AUTHORITY – HEALTH PRODUCTS REGULATION GROUP 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Fees 
Effective Date: 2 Apr 2019 
1 Application for a permit for ---  
  
(a) A medical advertisement using light & sound projection 
$206 
 
(b) Any other medical advertisement that is not a sales promotion  
(i) A medical advertisement using still projection 
(ii) A medical advertisement using sound projection 
$103  
 
(c) a sales promotion 
$103  
  
    
  
2 Permit for ---  
(i) the first year for ---  
  
(a) A medical advertisement using light & sound projection 
$103  
  
(b) Any other medical advertisement that is not a sales promotion  
(i) A medical advertisement using still projection 
(ii) A medical advertisement using sound projection 
$103  
  
(c) a sales promotion 
$103  
  
    
  
(ii) each subsequent year for ---  
  
(a) A medical advertisement using light & sound projection 
$309  
  
(b) Any other medical advertisement that is not a sales promotion  
(i) A medical advertisement using still projection  
(ii) A medical advertisement using sound projection 
$206  
  
(c) a sales promotion 
$206  
  
    
  
3 Application to amend a permit 
$52 
4 Transfer of medical advertisement / sales promotion permit 
$16 
 


=== PAGE 20 ===

 
 
 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
Medical Advertisements & Compliance Monitoring Unit 
Health Products Regulation Group 
Health Sciences Authority 
 
11 Biopolis Way, #11-03, Helios 
Singapore 138667 
Tel: 6866 1111 
Fax: 6478 9069 
Email: HSA_MA@hsa.gov.sg 
Website: www.hsa.gov.sg 
 


