=== PAGE 9 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Mandy Edwards
Mayne Pharma LLC
NDA 214154/ MA 107

Page 9

The speaker deck includes the following claims and graphical presentations on slides 23-25
regarding the bleeding profile observed with Nextstellis:

*   Graphical presentation titled "Pooled Analysis of Two Phase 3 Trials (N= 3,409)
    Demonstrates consistency of cycle patterns and the withdrawal bleed"
    *   Groups defined as: "Bleeding", "Spotting" and "No Bleeding or Spotting"
    *   "*Spotting is defined as minimal bleeding that did not require use of any
        sanitary protection (including panty liners)" (slide 23)
*   Graphical presentation of the "% of Participants with Unscheduled Bleeding/Spotting
    N=1,864)"
    *   Groups defined as: "Unscheduled bleeding/spotting" and "Unscheduled
        bleeding (only)" (slide 24)
*   Graphical presentation of the "Mean Number of Bleeding/Spotting Days per
    Treatment Cycle (ITT Population) (N= 1,756)"
    *   Groups defined as: "Mean number of unscheduled spotting days" and "Mean
        number of unscheduled bleeding days" (slide 25)

These claims and graphical presentations misleadingly minimize bleeding irregularities
associated with Nextstellis. Specifically, these graphical presentations misrepresent the
frequency of unscheduled bleeding associated with Nextstellis by using a definition of
“unscheduled bleeding” that excludes unscheduled bleeding events that occurred
immediately before (“early bleeding”) or immediately after (“continued bleeding”) the
scheduled bleeding days (day 25 through day 3 of the cycle). Unscheduled bleeding is
defined in the WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS section of the PI, Section 5.11, as
bleeding or spotting that occurs on Day 4 through Day 24 of a 28-day cycle. The
presentation on these slides, which excludes “early bleeding” and “continued bleeding” from
the definition of “unscheduled bleeding,” is misleading because it gives the appearance that
individuals had much lower “unscheduled bleeding/spotting” rates over time (~8% at Cycle 1
versus ~6% at Cycle 12), when the rates of unscheduled bleeding or spotting were actually
higher per cycle. Specifically, as stated in the WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS section of
the PI, Section 5.11, the proportion of subjects reporting unscheduled bleeding or spotting
per 28-day cycle was actually 30.3% at Cycle 1 versus 17.4% at Cycle 12.

Furthermore, the presentation on slide 23 includes the claim (emphasis added),
"Demonstrates consistency of cycle patterns and the withdrawal bleed." This claim is
misleading because it is based on data that are inadequate to support such conclusions.
The claim “demonstrates consistency” is based on pooled data from phase III studies C301
and C302. However, studies C301 and C302 were not designed to assess the difference
between bleeding and spotting, as these were secondary endpoints with no prespecified
statistical procedure controlling for Type 1 error rate (false positive rate); therefore, it is not
possible to ascertain whether the findings were attributable to treatment with Nextstellis or
merely due to chance. As a result, these findings are exploratory (hypothesis-generating).
Therefore, claims and presentations that draw conclusions (e.g., “demonstrates
consistency”) are misleading.

Reference ID: 5580097
