=== PAGE 5 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Mandy Edwards
Mayne Pharma LLC
NDA 214154/ MA 107

Page 5

*   “Impact on Hemostatic Parameters at Cycle 6”
    *   “Study Reference: MIT-Es0001-C201”
        *   Graphical presentation of the “% Change from baseline at Cycle 6” depicting
            the following measures (in pertinent part): Factor VIIb, Protein Cb, Protein S
            activityb, Protein S freeb, APCR-(ETP) a, Plasminogena, t-PAa, Prothrom Frag
            1+2a, Soluble E-selectina and SHBG*.
            *   “a p <0.05 DRSP/E4 vs LNG/EE and DRSP/EE
            *   b p <0.05 DRSP/E4 vs DRSP/EE”
        *   “Significant differences observed at Cycle 6”

These claims, with the associated p-values, misleadingly suggest that Nextstellis
demonstrated a *statistically significant* difference in several observed endocrine and
hemostatic parameters as compared to the two reference CHCs. This suggestion is not
supported by the safety study, MIT-Es0001-C201, cited in these presentations because the
study did not prespecify the thresholds for clinically relevant differences in effects of the
studied products on the various endocrine and hemostatic parameters. As a result, data
derived from the study are considered descriptive, and do not support the conclusions
referenced above. Moreover, a p-value is generally understood to indicate statistical
significance if it is less than 0.05. The inclusion of a p-value of “<0.05” in conjunction with
these claims creates the misleading suggestion that there were statistically significant
differences in the described endocrine and hemostatic parameters when that has not been
demonstrated. These comparative claims, which suggest a statistically significant difference
between impact of Nextstellis and other CHCs on endocrine and hemostatic parameters, add
to the misleading suggestion that Nextstellis is safer than other CHCs.3 We acknowledge the
statement, “No clinical inferences should be made from the results shown” on slide 16
directly preceding these claims and presentations; however, this statement does not mitigate
the misleading impression.

The speaker deck claims that E4 (estetrol), the estrogen component of Nextstellis, has “a low
**impact on breast tissue**” (slide 10, bolded emphasis original) and “[d]oes not stimulate
breast tissue” (slide 40). This adds to the misleading suggestion that the estrogen contained
in Nextstellis is safer compared to other CHCs, and misleadingly minimizes the risk of breast
related effects posed by Nextstellis. These claims suggest that Nextstellis is a safer option for
patients who have or have had breast cancer when, in fact, Nextstellis is contraindicated in
patients with a current diagnosis or history of breast cancer, which may be sensitive to female
hormones. The PI for Nextstellis also contains a warning and precaution regarding the
potential risk of hormonally-sensitive malignancies, like breast cancer. Furthermore, slides 9
and 10 suggest that because Nextstellis is an antagonist at the membrane ERα, the drug has
a lower impact on breast tissue than ethinyl estradiol, noting that “[e]thinyl estradiol activates
both the nuclear and membrane receptor[.]” However, nuclear and membrane ERαs are the
same receptor, which can move between different locations in the cell. All estrogens,
including estetrol, act through both nuclear and membrane-associated receptors.

---
3 Although no clinical effect has been confirmed with these parameters, they are reasonably predictive of
downstream effects which are closely tied to established endocrine risks (i.e., glucose intolerance and
hypertriglyceridemia, effect on binding globulins) and hemostatic risks (i.e., thromboembolic disorders and other
vascular problems, hypertension) associated with all CHCs, including Nextstellis.

Reference ID: 5580097
