=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Mandy Edwards
Mayne Pharma LLC
NDA 214154/ MA 107

                                                                                         Page 2

                                           Limitations of Use
NEXTSTELLIS may be less effective in females with a BMI ≥ 30 kg/m², In females
with BMI ≥ 30 kg/m², decreasing effectiveness may be associated with increasing
BMI.

The PI for Nextstellis contains a boxed warning regarding increased risk of serious
cardiovascular events from cigarette smoking and CHC use. Nextstellis is contraindicated in
females with: a history of, increased risk for, or current arterial or venous
thrombotic/thromboembolic diseases; breast cancer or history of breast cancer; hepatic
adenoma, hepatocellular carcinoma, acute hepatitis or severe (decompensated) cirrhosis;
use of hepatitis C drug combinations containing ombitasvir/paritaprevir/ritonavir, with or
without dasabuvir; abnormal uterine bleeding that has an undiagnosed etiology; renal
impairment; and adrenal insufficiency. The PI for Nextstellis includes warnings and
precautions regarding thromboembolic disorders and other vascular problems,
hyperkalemia, hypertension, migraine, malignant neoplasms, liver disease, risk of liver
enzyme elevations with concomitant hepatitis C treatment, glucose tolerance and
hypertriglyceridemia, gallbladder disease and cholestasis, an effect on binding globulins,
bleeding irregularities and amenorrhea, depression, hereditary angioedema, and chloasma.
The most common adverse reactions reported with Nextstellis are bleeding irregularities,
mood disturbance, headache, breast symptoms, dysmenorrhea, acne, weight increased,
and libido decreased.

Prior Communications

OPDP notes that our advisory comments dated January 26, 2022, to Mayne addressed draft
promotional communications for Nextstellis
(b) (4)
                                                                                  . We are
concerned that Mayne is promoting Nextstellis without presenting the serious risks of the
drug in a truthful and non-misleading manner, despite OPDP’s prior comments.

False or Misleading Claims and Presentations about Risk

Prescription drug advertisements and labeling (promotional communications) misbrand a
drug if they are false or misleading with respect to risk. The determination of whether a
promotional communication is misleading includes, among other things, not only
representations made or suggested in the promotional communication, but also the extent to
which the promotional communication fails to reveal facts material in light of the
representations made or with respect to consequences that may result from the use of the
drug as recommended or suggested in the promotional communication.

The speaker deck includes misleading claims and presentations that suggest that
Nextstellis, because of its active estrogen ingredient, estetrol, is safer than other forms of
CHC, including those that contain ethinyl estradiol (EE), when this has not been
demonstrated.

Reference ID: 5580097
