=== PAGE 3 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Here is the extracted text content from the PDF page, preserving its original layout and structure:

Kevin Hanlon
Merz Pharmaceuticals GmbH
BLA 125360/MA 883

Page 3

Berkus dancing to music as he is getting "ready for a big night out," during which, in his voice
over, Berkus states that Xeomin is a "smart tox," and that it "smoothes the look of frown lines"
and further implies that it will keep him "looking fresh." The reel also displays the indication
and use statement for Xeomin as static, onscreen text at the bottom of the reel throughout
the entirety of Nate Berkus's presentation (approximately the first 40 seconds). In contrast,
risk information is presented only at the end of the reel, after Nate Berkus says, "see you
guys at the next big event" and turns around and walks toward the door at which time the
entire screen goes black, which typically signals the close or end of a presentation. In fact,
after approximately three seconds of a black screen with no audio, the risk information
appears but is presented as onscreen text, using fast-paced⁵, scrolling font that is small and
difficult to read, which is unlikely to draw the viewer's attention. Additionally, the reel does
not present any signal to alert the viewer that important risk information is presented after the
close of Nate Berkus's presentation.⁶ The overall effect of this presentation undermines the
communication of important information and thereby misleadingly minimizes the risks
associated with the use of Xeomin. OPDP notes that limited risk information is also included
in the caption of the post; however, it can only be accessed if the viewer manually scrolls
down, past additional benefit claims and other unrelated information. This limited risk
information does not mitigate the post's overall misleading minimization of the risk. The
presentation in the post is especially problematic from a public health perspective given the
serious risks associated with the drug.

**False or Misleading Benefit Presentation**

Promotional communications misbrand a drug if they are false or misleading with respect to
benefits. The determination of whether a promotional communication is misleading includes,
among other things, not only representations made or suggested in the promotional
communication, but also the extent to which the promotional communication fails to reveal
facts material in light of the representations made or with respect to consequences that may
result from the use of the drug as recommended or suggested in the promotional
communication.

The reel begins with Nate Berkus inviting viewers to, "Come with me as I get ready for a big
night out." Later, the following claims are made in conjunction with scenes of Nate Berkus's
preparation routine and eventual departure for an event.

⁵ The first five seconds of scrolling text proceeds through about 220 words which translates to a reading speed
of approximately 2,640 words per minute (wpm). From that point on, the following 432 words are scrolled at an
estimated reading speed of 5,184 wpm. A recent review and meta-analysis found that the average silent reading
rate for adults in English is 238 wpm for uninterrupted non-fiction reading, with most adults falling in a range of
175 to 300 wpm. See Brysbaert, Marc. (2019). How many words do we read per minute? A review and meta-
analysis of reading rate. 10.31234/osf.io/xynwg. From start to finish, the whole of the scrolling text appears for a
total of approximately 28 seconds.
⁶ Although the reel includes onscreen text directing viewers to "Swipe left for Important Consumer Safety
Information" this action (swiping left) does not direct viewers to any risk information regarding Xeomin.

Reference ID: 5471967
