=== PAGE 4 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
```
Kevin Hanlon
Merz Pharmaceuticals GmbH
BLA 125360/MA 883

                                                                                     Page 4

Voice over (as Nate Berkus dials a phone in his room): “Keeping my dermatologist on
speed dial is my secret weapon for looking fresh. You never know when those lines
might decide to make a surprise appearance. That’s why she recommended Xeomin
. . . that smooths the look of frown lines . . . ”

As the reel plays, the caption includes the statement, “My pro-tips for getting ready for a night
out; tuxedo at the ready, fries and Xeomin (incobotulinumtoxinA) @xeominaesthetic for
smoothing my frown lines” (emphasis original). This presentation misleadingly suggests that
Xeomin provides faster or more rapid results than have been demonstrated. In particular, the
claims and presentations in the post (reel and caption), suggest that after “a surprise
appearance” of frown lines during preparation for a same-day event, treatment with Xeomin is
a “secret weapon for looking fresh” and “smoothes the look of frown lines”, which can result in
achievement of clinical effects in time for a “big night out,” when this has not been
demonstrated. The efficacy of Xeomin for the temporary improvement in the appearance of
moderate to severe glabellar lines was evaluated based on a composite endpoint where
treatment success was defined as a 2-grade improvement for both the investigator and
patient assessment per the 4-point Facial Wrinkle Scale compared to baseline on Day 30.
While efficacy data was also collected at other time points besides the primary endpoint at
Day 30, composite endpoint treatment success was not evaluated before day 7. We are not
aware of data to support the suggestion that Xeomin can provide successful treatment as
rapidly as suggested in the post. If you have data to support this presentation, please submit
to FDA for review.

The reel includes a voiceover by Nate Berkus stating that Xeomin is “a double-filtered smart
tox that smooths the looks of frown lines with only the ingredients that you need for
treatment” (emphasis added). Additionally, the accompanying caption also includes the
hashtag, “#SmartTox.” These claims misleadingly suggest that due to its manufacturing
process and formulation, Xeomin offers benefits over other botulinum toxin products, when
this has not been demonstrated. Xeomin is one of multiple botulinum toxin products
classified as “acetylcholine release inhibitor and neuromuscular blocking agents” that are
FDA-approved for the temporary improvement in the appearance of moderate to severe
glabellar lines. We acknowledge that, per the DESCRIPTION section of the PI, the active
neurotoxin of Xeomin is “without accessory proteins.” However, we are not aware of any
head-to-head studies comparing Xeomin to other botulinum toxin products approved to
temporarily improve moderate to severe glabellar lines that support claims that Xeomin
confers any unique or added benefits as compared to other botulinum toxin products. If you
have information or data to support the suggestion that Xeomin’s manufacturing process or
formulation offers an advantage over other botulinum toxin products in the temporary
improvement of moderate to severe glabellar lines, please submit them to FDA for review.

Reference ID: 5471967
```
