=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Kevin Hanlon                                                                             Page 2
Merz Pharmaceuticals GmbH
BLA 125360/MA 883

severe glabellar lines associated with corrugator and/or procerus muscle activity in adult
patients.

The PI for Xeomin contains a boxed warning regarding the distant spread of toxin effect.
Xeomin is contraindicated in patients with a known hypersensitivity to any botulinum toxin
product or to any components of Xeomin and in patients with an infection at the proposed
injection site. In addition, the PI for Xeomin includes warnings and precautions regarding the
lack of interchangeability between botulinum toxin products, hypersensitivity reactions,
dysphagia and breathing difficulties, corneal exposure, corneal ulceration, and ectropion in
patients treated for blepharospasm, risk of ptosis in patients treated for glabellar lines, human
albumin and transmission of viral diseases and pre-existing conditions at the injection site.
The most common adverse reaction reported with Xeomin for the treatment of glabellar lines
was headache.

Prior Communication(s)

OPDP notes that our advisory comments dated September 17, 2010, and January 11, 2012,
to Merz addressed [A large, dark gray rectangular redaction block extends horizontally across the remainder of this line.]
[A smaller, dark gray rectangular redaction block is located below the right end of the first block.] (b) (4)
. We are concerned that Merz is not presenting the
benefits and serious risks of the drug in a truthful and non-misleading manner, despite
concerns previously expressed by OPDP.

False or Misleading Risk Presentation

Prescription drug advertisements and labeling (promotional communications) misbrand a
drug if they are false or misleading with respect to risk. The determination of whether a
promotional communication is misleading includes, among other things, not only
representations made or suggested in the promotional communication, but also the extent to
which the promotional communication fails to reveal facts material in light of the
representations made or with respect to consequences that may result from the use of the
drug as recommended or suggested in the promotional communication.

This post is misleading because it fails to present information relating to side effects and
contraindications associated with the drug with a prominence and readability reasonably
comparable with the presentation of information relating to the benefits of the drug.
Specifically, the post prominently presents several representations about the benefits of
Xeomin in a reel.4 For example, the reel includes an attention-grabbing presentation of Nate

4 For the purposes of this letter, the term “reel” refers to a feature of Instagram which allows users to record,
edit, and create a post with short-form video content.

Reference ID: 5471967
