=== PAGE 5 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Here is the extracted text content from the PDF page, preserving its layout and structure:

Kevin Hanlon
Merz Pharmaceuticals GmbH
BLA 125360/MA 883

Conclusion and Requested Action

For the reasons discussed above, the post misbrands Xeomin within the meaning of the
FD&C Act and make its distribution violative. 21 U.S.C. 352(a), (n), 321(n); 331(a). 21 CFR
202.1 (e)(5); (e)(7)(viii).

This letter notifies you of our concerns and provides you with an opportunity to address them.
OPDP requests that Merz cease any violations of the FD&C Act. Please submit a written
response to this letter within 15 working days from the date of receipt, addressing the
concerns described in this letter, listing all promotional communications (with the 2253
submission date) for Xeomin that contain representations like those described above, and
explaining your plan for the timely discontinuation of such communications, or for ceasing
distribution of Xeomin.

If you believe that your products are not in violation of the FD&C Act, please include in your
submission to us, your reasoning, and any supporting information for our consideration within
15 working days from the date of receipt of this letter.

The concerns discussed in this letter do not necessarily constitute an exhaustive list of
potential violations. It is your responsibility to ensure compliance with each applicable
requirement of the FD&C Act and FDA implementing regulations.

Please direct your response to the undersigned at the Food and Drug Administration,
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Office of Prescription Drug Promotion, 5901-
B Ammendale Road, Beltsville, Maryland 20705-1266. A courtesy copy can be sent by
facsimile to (301) 847-8444. Please refer to MA 883 in addition to the BLA number in all
future correspondence relating to this particular matter. All correspondence should include a
subject line that clearly identifies the submission as a Response to Untitled Letter. You are
encouraged, but not required, to submit your response in eCTD format. All correspondence
submitted in response to this letter should be placed under eCTD Heading 1.15.1.6.
Additionally, the response submission should be coded as an Amendment to eCTD
Sequence 0724 under BLA 125360. Questions related to the submission of your response
letter should be emailed to the OPDP RPM at CDER-OPDP-RPM@fda.hhs.gov.

Page 5

Sincerely,

{See appended electronic signature page}

David Foss, PharmD, MPH, BCPS, RAC
Regulatory Review Officer
Division of Advertising & Promotion Review 2
Office of Prescription Drug Promotion

Reference ID: 5471967
