=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Kateshia Brooks
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Development and Commercialization, Inc.
NDA 205422 / MA 772, 791

Page 2

hypersensitivity to brexpiprazole or any of its components. In addition, the PI for Rexulti
includes warnings and precautions regarding cerebrovascular adverse reactions including
stroke in elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis, neuroleptic malignant syndrome,
tardive dyskinesia, metabolic changes, pathological gambling and other compulsive
behaviors, leukopenia, neutropenia, and agranulocytosis, orthostatic hypotension and
syncope, falls, seizures, body temperature dysregulation, dysphagia, and potential for
cognitive and motor impairment. The most common adverse reactions reported with Rexulti
as an adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder were weight increased,
somnolence, and akathisia.

**False or Misleading Claims about Efficacy**

Prescription drug advertisements and labeling (promotional communications) misbrand a
drug if they are false or misleading with respect to efficacy. The determination of whether a
promotional communication is misleading includes, among other things, not only
representations made or suggested in the promotional communication, but also the extent to
which the promotional communication fails to reveal facts material in light of the
representations made or suggested in respect to consequences that may result from the use of the
drug as recommended or suggested in the promotional communication.

The TV ad includes the following claim (in pertinent part):

* "When added to an antidepressant, REXULTI was proven to reduce depression
  symptoms 62% more than the antidepressant alone." (Voiceover, frames 8-9)

The banner also includes the following claims (in pertinent part):

* "When added to an antidepressant, Rexulti was proven to provide a 62% greater
  reduction in depression symptoms" (Frame 3)
* "When added to an antidepressant, Rexulti was proven to provide a 62% greater
  reduction in depression symptoms vs. the antidepressant alone." (Frame 4)

These claims overstate the efficacy of the drug by misrepresenting the efficacy profile of
Rexulti. Specifically, these claims misleadingly suggest that a patient can expect to
experience a 62% reduction (i.e., an improvement) in depression symptoms when added to
an antidepressant (ADT) alone. However, this 62% reduction claimed is far greater than the
reduction of 11.9% calculated based on the data from Study 1 for the 2 mg dose promoted in
the TV ad and banner based on the population-level summary of the treatment effect, which
is the difference in the changes from baseline in depression symptoms (as measured by the
Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rational Scale [MADRS²] total score) between the two
groups based on the prespecified primary analysis.

---
² The MADRS is a 10-item clinician-related scale used to assess the degree of depressive symptomatology, with
0 representing no symptoms and 60 representing worst symptoms.

Reference ID: 5270026
