=== PAGE 3 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Fabio Almeida, MD
Phoenix Molecular Imaging
(b) (4) /MA 1

                                                                                Page 3

<10% false positive rate) . . . Acetate or Choline remain overall much better
choices for imaging.”

The above claims and presentations make numerous conclusory statements about the safety
and effectiveness of 11C-Acetate. Furthermore, the webpage states that 11C-Acetate “has
[been] shown…to be a valuable and accurate tool, providing a better understanding of the
location and extent of local recurrences and distant disease,” an efficacy claim of clinical
benefit that has not been established. These claims and presentations suggest in a
promotional context that 11C-Acetate, an investigational new drug, has been shown to be
different from or superior to approved therapies for PET imaging, specifically 11-C choline
and fluciclovine F 18, and is safe or effective for such uses.

The benefit and risk profile associated with 11C-Acetate, an investigational therapy, is
currently under development and not fully known. The conclusions made in these claims and
presentations, especially considering the serious nature of disease recurrence and the need
for early detection, create a misleading impression regarding the usefulness and regulatory
status of this product.

While there is one sentence on the webpage stating that 11C-Acetate “is available under
expanded access clinical trials at multiple institutions,” this does not convey that the product
is investigational, in light of the repeated suggestions the drug is interchangeable with, or
even superior to the approved product 11C-choline. This statement neither adequately
conveys that the product is unapproved, nor sufficiently mitigates impressions conveyed by
other presentations, such as those noted above, that 11C-Acetate is safe and effective for
any use.

In summary, the above cited claims and presentations on the webpage represent the drug as
having an established role in the PET imaging of prostate cancer, when 11C-Acetate has not
been proven to be safe and effective within the meaning of the FD&C Act and has not been
approved as a drug under that authority for any use.

Conclusion and Requested Action

For the reasons discussed above, 11C-Acetate is misbranded under section 502(f)(1) of the
FD&C Act and in violation of section 301(k) of the FD&C Act. The claims and presentations
on the webpage are concerning from a public health perspective because they make
representations in a promotional context regarding the safety and efficacy of an
investigational new drug that has not been approved by the FDA.

OPDP requests that Fabio Almeida, MD immediately cease violating the FD&C Act, as
discussed above. Please submit a written response to this letter on or before March 1, 2019,
stating whether you intend to comply with this request, listing all promotional materials for
11C-Acetate that contain statements such as those described above, and explaining your
plan for discontinuing use of such violative materials. If you believe that your products are
not in violation of the FD&C Act, include your reasoning and any supporting information for
our consideration.


Reference ID: 4391928
