=== PAGE 1 ===

 
1 
 
     
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
E-Book  
On  
Pre-conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition 
of Sex Selection) Act, 1994 
 


=== PAGE 2 ===

 
2 
 
 
 
 
PATRON-IN-CHIEF 
 
Hon’ble Mr. Justice Rajesh Bindal 
Chief Justice, Allahabad High Court 
 
 
SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE OF JTRI 
 
 
 
Hon’ble Mr. Justice D.K. Upadhyaya 
: 
Chairman 
 
 
Hon’ble Mr. Justice Ajay Bhanot  
: 
Member 
 
 
Hon’ble Mr. Justice Piyush Agrawal 
:  
Member 
Hon’ble Mr. Justice Jaspreet Singh 
:  
Member 
 
 
 
 
EDITORIAL BOARD 
 
Editor-in-Chief 
 
 
:  
Mr. Vinod Singh Rawat 
 
 
 
 
Director, JTRI, U.P. 
Editor  
 
 
 
: 
Dr. Humayun Rasheed Khan 
 
 
 
 
Additional Director (Research) 
Additional Managing Editor  
: 
Mr. Vijay Kumar Katiyar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deputy Director 
Members of the Editorial Board 
: 
Mr. Kushal Pal  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Additional Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Manmeet Singh Suri 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Additional Director (Training) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Rajneesh Mohan Verma 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deputy Director  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ms. Priti Chaudhary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deputy Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mrs. Twishi Srivastava 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deputy Director 
 
 
 
Judicial Training & Research Institute, Uttar Pradesh 
Vineet Khand, Gomti Nagar, Lucknow – 226010 
 
 
 


=== PAGE 3 ===

 
3 
 
 
 
E-Book  
On  
Pre-conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition 
of Sex Selection) Act, 1994 
A 
Result 
 Of 
 One Day Online Orientation & Sensitization Programme 
On 
“Sociological & Legal Aspects of PCPNDT Act, 1994 & The 
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013”        
 
Organized  
On  
Sunday, February 6th, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
Prepared by 
 
Rajneesh Mohan Verma, 
Deputy Director, 
Judicial Training and Research Institute 
 
 
 
 


=== PAGE 4 ===

 
4 
 
Preface 
 
Principles of gender equality are an integral part of the Constitution. The 
Constitution confers equal rights and opportunities on women; bars discrimination 
on the basis of sex and denounces practices derogatory to the dignity of women. 
In spite of this, discrimination against women and girls is almost universal. 
Forced abortions of female foetuses and prenatal sex determination results in 
millions of girls not being allowed to be born just because they are girls. Taking 
cognizance of this issue the Government of India has put in place a law entitled 
the PCPNDT Act, 1994 that prohibits the use of preconception and prenatal 
diagnostic techniques to determine the sex of the unborn child.  
It has, however, been difficult to implement the Act because sex selection 
happens within the confines of the doctor-client relationship. The burden on the 
legal community including the bench and the bar in such a situation becomes 
onerous. If the mindset of society is not changed and it lags behind the legislation, 
it has to be the job of the judiciary to fill this gap by adopting a realistic and 
sensitive approach for proper implementation of the legislation.  
The need of the hour is to mould and evolve the law so as to meet its 
object by effective implementation. The Judicial Training & Research Institute 
has undertaken the task to prepare this book with the hope that its compilation 
will help serve as a guide and reference book on the issue of sex selection for 
judges working in District Courts, advocates, researchers, public spirited 
organizations and anyone else interested in this field. 
I must acknowledge the fact that our faculty members in the institute have 
put in a lot of hard work in bringing out this publication. The institute appreciates 
the efforts made by Mr. Kushalpal, Additional Director, Mr. Manmeet Singh Suri, 
Additional Director (Training), Dr. Humayun Rasheed Khan, Additional Director 
(Research), Mr. Rajneesh Mohan Verma, Deputy Director, Mr. Vijay Kumar 
Katiyar, Deputy Director, Ms. Priti Chaudhary, Deputy Director & Mrs. Twishi 
Srivastava, Deputy Director.  Mr. Rajneesh Mohan Verma, Deputy Director needs 
special appreciation for preparing this e-Handbook. 
I hope and pray that this book turns out to be helpful for readers and 
serves the cause for which it is prepared. 
 
 
 
 
(Vinod Singh Rawat) 
Director, JTRI U.P., Lucknow 
 
 


=== PAGE 5 ===

 
5 
 
The Judicial Training & Research Institute, Uttar Pradesh, Lucknow 
 
 
In pursuance of the vision and direction of the Hon’ble Supreme Court of 
India in the case of Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, 
reported in (2016) 10 SCC 265, & all other pronouncements of the Hon’ble 
Apex Court and Hon’ble High Courts in view of the needs of the society, the 
Judicial Training & Research Institute Lucknow is making a continuous effort to 
impart training and to develop the requisite sensitivity as projected in the objects 
and reasons of the PCPNDT Act,1994 amongst all the stakeholders of criminal 
justice delivery system. On 6th of February, 2022 one-day Orientation & 
Sensitization Programme on the topic “Sociological & Legal Aspects of PCPNDT 
Act, 1994 & the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition And Redressal) Act, 2013” was organized on virtual Zoom platform 
in which all the Judicial Academies from across the country, CJMs/CMMs, 
ACJMs/ACMMs of the State of Uttar Pradesh, Officers from prosecution 
department,  Officers from Various Appropriate Authorities and Medial Officers 
have participated through virtual platform as well as live streaming on YouTube 
link provided by JTRI. 
The Programme started with a brief account by Rajneesh Mohan Verma 
Deputy Director, Introduction of the Subject by Additional Director (Training), 
Sri Manmeet Singh Suri and an Opening Address by the In-charge Director, Sri 
Kushalpal. 
In technical sessions, we had a total of 6 sessions. In the first session, Dr. 
Humayun Rasheed Khan, Additional Director (Research) & Ms. Priti Chaudhary, 
Deputy Director enlightened the participants about the salient features of the 
PCPNDT Act, 1994. In the next session, Director In-charge, Shri Kushalpal and 
Additional Director (Training), Sri Manmeet Singh Suri delivered their talk on the 
topic “Offences, bail and release of Property Seized under PCPNDT & Rules, 
with the help of case studies, with a special focus on the Practical Approach.” 
Thereafter Rajneesh Mohan Verma and Sri Vijay Kumar Katiyar, Deputy 
Directors delivered their talk on various stages of complaints about the offences 
under the PCPNDT Act and Appreciation of evidence.  
After lunch break, Dr. Neelam Singh, the Chief Functionary of 
“VATSALYA” and member of state supervisory board constituted under 
PCPNDT Act, delivered her talk on the Concept of Gender Lens, Female 
Foeticide and sex Ratio in India. Thereafter, Smt. Twishi Srivastava spoke on the 
topic “An overview of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.” In the Last technical session, 
Dr. Ashwani Kumar, Joint Director of Health & Family Welfare Shared his views 
and Latest GOs, Notifications and Recent Developments on PCPNDT Act. In the 
end, the summing up valediction was addressed by Additional Director 


=== PAGE 6 ===

 
6 
 
(Research), Dr. Humayun Rasheed Khan & the Director In-charge, Sri Kushalpal. 
In this webinar, it was felt that a handbook on PCPNDT Act focusing on the 
implementation must be prepared by the Institute. 
This e-Book is prepared after the completion of the webinar with a view to 
facilitate better understanding of the implementation process of PCPNDT ACT, 
1994, and to create requisite sensitivity amongst all the stakeholders of the 
criminal justice delivery system. This Book is based on the lectures delivered by 
all the faculty members, materials available on the official portal of the State on 
PCPNDT Act, and research done by Rajneesh Mohan Verma (Dy Director) on 
various issues. 
 
****************** 
 
 
 
 
 
 


=== PAGE 7 ===

 
7 
 
INDEX 
 
 
CHAPTER 
TOPIC 
PAGE 
I. 
 
Synopsis 
8-9 
II. 
 
Salient Features of PCPNDT Act 
10-11 
III. 
 
Important Definitions 
12-15 
IV. 
 
Mandate of Registration 
16-21 
V. 
 
Prohibitions under the Act 
22-25 
VI. 
 
Prescriptions and Regulations 
26-29 
VII. 
 
Maintenance and Preservation of Records 
30-31 
VIII. 
 
Offences & Penalties 
32-34 
IX. 
 
Investigation & Case Studies 
35-49 
X. 
 
Release of Property Seized under PCPNDT 
Act 
50-51 
XI. 
 
Initiation of Prosecution before the Court 
52-53 
XII. 
 
Bail of the Accused 
54-55 
XIII. 
 
Framing of Charge 
56 
XIV. 
 
Appreciation of Evidence  
57-60 
XV. 
 
Relevant Excerpts from Case Law 
61-106 
 
 
 


=== PAGE 8 ===

 
8 
 
SYNOPSIS 
Salient Features of PCPNDT Act 
Important Definitions 
Mandate of Registration 
Process of Certification: 
Cancellation or Suspension of Registration: 
Prohibitions under the Act: 
Prohibitions on Places: 
Prohibition on Persons: 
Miscellaneous Prohibitions: 
Prescriptions and Regulations: 
Link with the Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act, 1971: 
Maintenance and Preservation of Records: 
Offences & Penalties: 
(A) Offence by persons 
(B) Offence by a company: 
(c)Nature of the Offence: 
Investigation & Case Studies:  
Search and Seizure: 
Safeguards or Prerequisites during Search and Seizure: 
Preparation of List: 
Sealing: 
Collection of Evidence during Investigation: 
I.Evidence of Illegal Advertisement: 
II.Evidence in case of conducting a test for determination of sex or communication 
of the sex of the foetus: 
III.Evidence in case of non-registration, cancellation or suspension of registration: 
Case Study - 1 
Case Study - 2 
Case Study - 3 
As to whether, an FIR could be lodged for the Offences under PCPNDT Act? 
Release of Property Seized under PCPNDT Act: 


=== PAGE 9 ===

 
9 
 
Prosecution before the Court: 
❖ 
Who can make a Complaint before the Court? 
❖ 
The Complete Evidence to be Submitted before the Magistrate: 
❖ 
The courses open to a Magistrate on a complaint made under Section 28 of 
PCPNDT Act: 
Bail of the Accused: 
Framing of Charge:  
Appreciation of Evidence: 
Relevant Excerpts from Case Law 
 
******************* 
 
 
 
 
 


=== PAGE 10 ===

 
10 
 
SALIENT FEATURES OF PCPNDT ACT 
 
“Just as a bird could not fly with one wing only, a nation would not march 
forward if the women are left behind." 
- Swami Vivekanand 
 
The Constitution of India stipulates equal rights for all, regardless of 
gender. Therefore, a woman should not be discriminated against for being a 
female, she has an equal role in society. However, in practice, the discriminating 
powers of the societies at large over the unbiased constitutional rights of all have 
led to the violations of female's rights including female’s reproductive rights. 
Victimization against a girl child is the worst form of discrimination. Various 
factors such as strong male preference, gender bias, discrimination against the girl 
child, deeply-rooted prejudices and vulnerability status attached to females are the 
fundamental causes for increasing female foeticide cases in the country despite 
advancement in education and development in economics. Unfortunately, the 
progress in science and technology in this regard is furthering female foeticide to 
the extent that it has been used as a replacement for female infanticide.  
The right to live is part and parcel of human rights and denial of the same 
to a girl child is one of the heinous violations. Therefore, in order to protect the 
rights, existence and dignity of female forks, the legislature has enacted the statute 
namely, the Pre-conception and Prenatal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of 
sex selection) Act, 1994 [PC&PNDT Act or Act]. Following are the main salient 
features of the Act: 
● The Act provides for the prohibition of sex selection, before or after 
conception. 
● It regulates the use of pre-natal diagnostic techniques, like ultrasound and 
amniocentesis by allowing them their use only to detect: Genetic 
abnormalities, metabolic disorders, chromosomal abnormalities, certain 
congenital malformations, haemoglobinopathies and sex-linked disorders. 
● No laboratory or centre or clinic will conduct any test including 
ultrasonography for the purpose of determining the sex of the foetus. 
● No person, including the one who is conducting the procedure as per the 
law, will communicate the sex of the foetus to the pregnant woman or her 
relatives by words, signs or any other method. 
● Advertisement for pre-natal and pre-conception sex determination 
facilities in the form of a notice, circular, label, wrapper or any document, 
or through the internet or other media in electronic or print form or in any 
visible representation made by means of hoarding, wall painting, signal, 
light, sound, is prohibited and made punishable under the Act. 
● It prohibits the functioning of every unregistered laboratory or centre or 
clinic. 


=== PAGE 11 ===

 
11 
 
● It prohibits the functioning of a laboratory or centre or clinic at any 
unregistered place. 
● It prohibits the employment of any unregistered and unqualified medical 
practitioner or its assistants. 
● It prohibits the sale of ultrasound machines and other equipments to any 
unregistered laboratory or centre or clinic. 
● PC & PNDT Act is a legal order to address social disorder ‘It is different 
from other social legislations as it does not involve any change in social 
behaviour and practice rather regulates and demands ethical medical 
practice & regulation of medical technology that have the potential to be 
misused’ 
 
********************* 
 


=== PAGE 12 ===

 
12 
 
IMPORTANT DEFINITIONS 
 
Appropriate Authority: 
Appropriate Authority means the Appropriate Authority appointed under section 
17;1  
Under Section 17, The Central and the State Government Appoints the 
Appropriate Authorities for the state as well as for districts and Tehsils. 
In the State of Uttar Pradesh District Magistrates of For every District and 
SDMs For Tehsil Were Appointed as Appropriate Authority Vide Notification 
No. 3020/V-9-2007-6(74)-94-T.C. Dated Lucknow, November 30, 2007, and 
No.103/5-9-2013-6(74)/94TC dated Lucknow February 8, 2013 
 
Techniques: 
Pre-natal diagnostic techniques include all pre-natal diagnostic procedures 
and pre-natal diagnostic tests.2  
(A) Pre-natal diagnostic procedures mean all gynaecological or obstetrical or 
medical procedures such as 
● Ultrasonography; 
● Foetoscopy; 
● Taking or removing samples of 
-amniotic fluid 
-chorionic villi 
-blood 
-any tissue 
-fluid 
of a man or a woman before or after conception for being sent to a Genetic 
Laboratory or Genetic Clinic for conducting any type of analysis or pre-natal 
diagnostic tests for selection of sex before or after conception.3  
(B) Pre-natal diagnostic test means: 
● Ultrasonography 
● Test or analysis of: 
-amniotic fluid 
-chorionic villi 
-blood 
-any tissue 
-fluid 
of any pregnant woman or conceptus conducted to detect: 
➔  genetic disorders 
➔  metabolic disorders 
                                               
1 Section 2(a) 
2 Section 2 (j) 
3 Section 2 (i) 


=== PAGE 13 ===

 
13 
 
➔  chromosomal abnormalities 
➔  congenital anomalies 
➔  haemoglobinopathies 
➔  Sex-linked diseases.4  
(C) Sex selection includes: 
● Procedure 
● Technique 
● Test 
● Administration 
● Prescription 
● Provision 
of anything for the purpose of ensuring or increasing the probability that an 
embryo will be of a particular sex.5  
Places: 
(A) Genetic Counselling Centre means: 
● An institute 
● Hospital 
● Nursing home 
● Any place by whatever name called which provides genetic counselling to 
patients.6  
(B) Genetic Clinic means: 
● A clinic 
● Institute 
● Hospital 
● Nursing home 
● Any place by whatever name called which is used for conducting pre-natal 
diagnostic procedures.7  
(C) Genetic Laboratory means 
● a laboratory; and 
● includes a place: 
where facilities are provided for conducting analysis or tests of samples 
received from Genetic Clinic for pre-natal diagnostic tests.8 
An explanation has been added by the amendments of 2002, which 
provides that “for the purposes of this clause, “Genetic Laboratory” includes a 
place where ultrasound machine or imaging machine or scanner or other 
equipment capable of determining the sex of the foetus or portable equipment 
                                               
4 Section 2 (k) 
5 Section 2(o) 
6 Section 2 (C) 
7 Section 2 (d) 
8 Section 2 (e) 


=== PAGE 14 ===

 
14 
 
which has the potential for detection of sex during pregnancy or selection of sex 
before conception, is used.” 
It has been clarified under the amended Rules that every Genetic 
Counselling Centre/ Genetic Laboratory/ Genetic Clinic would include an 
ultrasound centre/ imaging centre/ nursing home/ hospital/ institute or any other 
place, by whatever name called, where any of the machines or equipments 
capable of selection of sex before or after conception or performing any 
procedure, technique or test for pre-natal detection of sex of the foetus is used.9 
 
Qualified Persons: 
(A) Gynaecologist means a person who possesses a post-graduate qualification in 
gynaecology and obstetrics.10  
The Rules11framed under the Act further qualify the qualifications by 
providing additional requirements for a gynaecologist when employed by a 
genetic counselling centre or a genetic clinic but do not necessitate the 
engagement of a gynaecologist by a genetic laboratory. 
For a genetic counselling centre, the gynaecologist must have: 
- 
6 months experience in genetic counselling; or 
- 
4 weeks training in genetic counselling.12  
For a genetic clinic, the gynaecologist should have adequate 
experience in pre-natal diagnostic procedures i.e. should have performed at least 
20 procedures in chorionic villi aspirations per vagina or per abdomen, chorionic 
villi biopsy, amniocentesis, cordocentesis foetoscopy, foetal skin or organ biopsy 
or foetal blood sampling etc. under supervision of an experienced gynaecologist 
in these fields.13  
(B) Medical Geneticist includes a person who possesses: 
- 
degree, or 
- 
diploma 
in genetic science in the fields of sex selection and pre-natal diagnostic 
techniques; or has experience of not less than two years in any of these fields after 
obtaining- 
● any one of the medical qualifications recognized under the Indian Medical 
Council Act, 1956; or 
● a post-graduate degree in biological sciences.14 
Under the amended definition, possessing a certificate does not make one a 
qualified medical geneticist. 
                                               
9 Explanation (1) to Rule 12 
10 Section 2 (f) 
11 The Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) Rules, 1996 which 
came into force w.e.f. 1.1.1996. 
12 Rule 3 (1) (i) under the PNDT Rules 
13 Rule 3 (3)(1)(a) under the PNDT Rules. 
14 Section 2 (g) 


=== PAGE 15 ===

 
15 
 
(C) A Paediatrician means a person who possesses a post-graduate qualification 
in paediatrics.15 
The Rules framed under the Act further qualify the qualifications by providing 
additional requirements for a paediatrician when employed by a genetic 
counselling centre. 
For a genetic counselling centre, the paediatrician must have 
● 6 months experience in genetic counselling; or 
● 4 weeks of training in genetic counselling.16  
(D) Registered Medical Practitioner means 
● a medical practitioner who possesses any recognized medical qualification 
as defined in clause (h) of Section 2 of the Indian Medical Council Act, 
1956; and 
● whose name has been entered in a State Medical Register.17 
The Rules framed under the Act further qualify the qualifications by 
providing additional requirements for a registered medical practitioner when 
employed by a genetic clinic. For the purposes of a genetic clinic, the registered 
medical practitioner should have a Post Graduate degree or diploma or six months 
of training or one year of experience in sonography or image scanning.18 
 
Certain miscellaneous definitions have been added to clarify concepts used for 
the first time in the amended Act. These are 
(A) Conceptus; means any product of conception at any stage of development 
from fertilisation until birth including extraembryonic membranes as well as the 
embryo or foetus.19 
(B) Embryo; means a developing human organism after fertilisation till the end 
of eight weeks (fifty-six days).20 
(C) Foetus; means a human organism during the period of its development 
beginning on the fifty-seventh day following fertilisation or creation (excluding 
any time in which its development has been suspended) and ending at the birth21 
 
*********************** 
                                               
15 Section 2 (h) 
16 Rule 3 (1)(i) under the PNDT Rules 
17 Section 2 (m) of the Act. In Prakash Motiram Khobragade v. State of Maharashtra AIR 2000 
Bom. 137, the Bombay High Court has held that persons who are otherwise not qualified for 
registration under the Medical Practitioner Act, under the Indian Medical Council Act and the 
State Acts are not entitled to claim any right to practice medicine. 
18 Rule 3 (3) (1) (b) under the PNDT Rules. 
19 Section 2(ba) 
20 Section 2 (bb) 
21 Section 2 (bc) 


=== PAGE 16 ===

 
16 
 
MANDATE OF REGISTRATION 
 
All bodies under the PC & PNDT Act namely Genetic Counselling Centre, 
Genetic Laboratory or Genetic Clinic as defined in the Act cannot function unless 
registered.22 The requirement of registration is mandatory whether the body is 
government, private, voluntary, honorary, part-time, contractual or consultative. 
However, the PNDT Act allows registration of these bodies either separately or 
jointly when a body is for instance both a centre and a clinic. 
There are different minimum requirements for different bodies as regards 
the minimum qualifications of the employees and the minimum equipment for 
each of the bodies under the PCPNDT Act. All the requirements relating to 
qualifications and equipment are mandatory.23 Documentary proof of requisite 
qualifications and experience as specified under the PC & PNDT Act and rules of 
persons employed by the facility should be annexed with the application for 
registration. 
Under the amended Rules, the Schedules appended to the earlier Rules 
have been done away with and the requirements for a Genetic Counselling Centre, 
Genetic Laboratory and Genetic Clinic have been added under Rule 3 itself by 
redrafting the same though the requirements remain the same, more or less. 
The bodies can be owned by any person and he need not have the 
qualifications required under the Act as long as he has employees that fulfill the 
minimum qualifications required under the PCPNDT Act. If an institute, hospital, 
nursing home or any place provides services jointly of any of these bodies then 
such a place should fulfill the minimum requirements of both the bodies in order 
to be registered. 
Process of Certification: 
a) 
Every application received by the appropriate authority will firstly be 
scrutinised by it and an enquiry into whether such a body fulfils all the 
requirements under the PCPNDT Act will be done. 24 
b) 
An enquiry by the Appropriate Authority includes an inspection of the 
premises after giving due notice to the applicant.25  
c) 
After the appropriate authority is satisfied that the applicant has fulfilled 
all minimum requirements, the application will be placed before the 
Advisory Committee. The Advisory Committee shall thereafter scrutinise 
the application and give its advice on the same to the appropriate 
authority. 
d) 
The Appropriate Authority after considering the advice will grant a 
certificate of registration.26 
                                               
22 Section 3 (1) of the Act. 
23 Rule 3 (1) under the PNDT Rules 
24 Rule 6 (1) under the PNDT Rules. 
25 Rule 6 (4) under the PNDT Rules. 


=== PAGE 17 ===

 
17 
 
e) 
The certificate of registration shall be given in duplicate and in the form as 
prescribed in Form B annexed to the rules under the PCPNDT Act. The 
grant of certificate of registration shall be communicated within 90 days 
from the date of receipt of an application for registration.27  
f) 
It is mandatory for everybody registered under this Act to display the 
certificate of registration at a conspicuous place in such centre, 
laboratory or clinic. 
g) 
In some cases the appropriate authority depending upon the requirements 
available at such centre, laboratory or clinic may grant a certificate only to 
conduct one or more specified pre-natal diagnostic tests or procedures.28  
h) 
The certificate of registration shall be non-transferable.29 
i) 
In the event of a change of ownership or change of management or when 
the centre, laboratory or clinic ceases to function as one both copies of the 
certificate of registration shall be surrendered to the Appropriate 
Authority.  
j) 
Each new owner or manager of a centre, laboratory or clinic has to apply 
afresh for grant of certificate of registration.30  
k) 
All centres, laboratories and clinics registered under the PCPNDT Act 
shall give an affidavit affirming that they will not indulge in the pre-natal 
determination of sex as mandated by the Supreme Court in the case of 
CEHAT & Ors v. Union of India.31 
1) 
The Registration Certificate must mention the number of ultrasound 
machines in the centre. Further, the registration certificate must also 
mention all the portable ultrasound machines in the said centre. In case of 
registration certificates already issued, the list of ultrasound machines 
portable or otherwise must be mentioned on another paper and the said 
paper must also be displayed along with the registration certificate at a 
conspicuous place in the centre. 
 
Cancellation or Suspension of Registration: 
 
The Appropriate Authority can at any time, either on its own or on a 
complaint by anyone, issue a show-cause notice to the Genetic Counselling 
Centre, Genetic Laboratory or Genetic Clinic, Ultrasound Clinic or Imaging 
Centre as to why its registration should not be cancelled or suspended for breach 
                                                                                                                                
26 Rule 6 (2) under the PNDT Rules. 
27 Rule 6 (2) read with Rule 6 (5) under the PNDT Rules. 
28 Proviso to Rule 6(2) under the PNDT Rules. 
29 Rule 6(6) under the PNDT Rules. 
30 Rule 6(7) under the PNDT Rules. 
31 (2003) 8 SCC 412 


=== PAGE 18 ===

 
18 
 
of any of the provisions of the PCPNDT Act or the rules. The reasons for every 
such notice should be mentioned in the notice itself.32  
Thereafter the clinic, laboratory or centre must be given an opportunity to 
defend itself against the charges. After giving the centre, laboratory or clinic a 
reasonable opportunity of being heard and after taking into account the advice 
given by the advisory Committee, the Appropriate Authority may either suspend 
the registration of such a place or cancel the registration depending upon the 
gravity of the charge. Action can be taken by the Appropriate Authority 
irrespective of any criminal action that will be taken against such a place.33  
In certain exceptional cases like in the case of public interest, the 
Appropriate Authority may suspend or cancel the registration without issuing a 
show-cause notice. However, the reasons for waiving show cause notice have to 
be given in writing.34 
In the case of Dr. Anil Kumar Mishra vs State Of U.P. And Others,35 All 
the petitioners had applied for and were registered by Chief Medical Officer/ 
Competent Authority for running ultrasound clinic. The registration certificates 
issued by the Chief Medical Officer, Siddharth Nagar to Dr. Anil Kumar Misra on 
13.5.2002 was valid upto 12.5.2007 and was renewed for a period upto 13.5.2012. 
The registration certificate issued to Dr. Dinesh Chand Pandey on 12.12.2001, 
was valid upto 11.12.2006 and was renewed upto 12.12.2001 and the registration 
certificate in favour of Dr. Faizan Ahmad was issued on 15.6.2005, and was valid 
upto 14.6.2010. All these three registration certificates were valid for prenatal 
diagnostic procedures approved for non-invasive tests by using ultrasound 
machines.On 21st August 2008 the Chief Medical Officer, Siddharth Nagar in 
pursuance to the letters of the Principal Secretary, Medical & Health, Government 
of U.P., Lucknow dated 11.7.2008; the Chairman, State Competent Authority/ 
Director General, U.P. Lucknow dated 5.8.2008 and of the District Magistrate 
dated 11.8.2008, issued notices to the petitioners, that since they are not qualified 
person, who can perform ultrasound tests under PC & PNDT Act, in which it is 
provided that only those doctors can perform ultrasound test, who are registered 
as medical practitioners under Section 2 (h) of the Indian Medical Council Act, 
1956 (102/1956), and whose name has been entered in State Medical Register, 
and possess post graduate degree in Sonography/ Image Scanning or a diploma or 
six month's training or one year's experience; they may show cause within a week, 
whether they are qualified to be registered, failing which their registration will be 
cancelled. All the three petitioners in the three writ petitions allege that since they 
                                               
32 Section 20 (1) of the Act. 
33 Section 20 (2) of the Act. 
34 Section 20 (3) of the Act. 
35 Civil Misc. Writ Petition No.57791 of 2008,57794 of 2008 Dr. Faizan Ahmad  Vs. State of U.P. 
& Ors.,57795 of 2008 Dr. Dinesh Chand Pandey  Vs. State of U.P. & Ors.( All Decided in one 
judgment dated 1 April, 2011) 


=== PAGE 19 ===

 
19 
 
have qualifications to practice as medical doctors under the U.P. Homeopathic 
Medical Council Act and Indian Medicine Central Council Act, 1971 and that 
since all the three are registered with the U.P. Homeopathic Medical Council in 
respect of Dr. Anil Kumar Mishra and Dr. Dinesh Chand Pandey and under the 
Indian Medical Board U.P. in respect of Dr. Faizan Ahmad, they are qualified and 
eligible under the PC & PNDT Act, 1994, and PNDT Act, 1996 to run their 
clinics and perform ultrasound tests. 
In these three writ petitions, The Hon’ble Allahabad High Court was 
called upon to decide the question about the qualifications and eligibility of the 
person entitled to be registered under Section 3 of the PC & PNDT Act, 1994 for 
carrying out the ultrasound tests. Hon’ble Court held as under- 
“16. Rule 3 of the PNDT Rules, 1996 prescribes the qualifications of the 
employees, the requirement of equipment etc. for a Genetic Counselling 
Centre, Genetic Laboratory, Genetic Clinic, Ultrasound Clinic and 
Imaging Centre. The qualifications prescribed in sub-rule (1) provides that 
qualification both of the person and the employee under (i) to be a 
gynaecologist or a paediatrician having six months experience or four 
weeks training in genetic counselling; or (ii) medical geneticists, having 
adequate space and educational charts/ models/equipment for carrying out 
genetic counselling in a centre, which may be registered as the genetic 
centre. The relevant sub-rule (2) provides that any person having adequate 
space and being or employing (i) a Medical Geneticist and (ii) a laboratory 
technician, having a B.Sc. degree in Biological Sciences or a degree or 
diploma in medical laboratory course with at least one year experience in 
conducting appropriate prenatal diagnostic techniques, tests or procedures, 
may set up a genetic laboratory. 
17. The petitioners are not gynaecologists or paediatricians and they do 
not have any qualification in genetic counselling; they are not medical 
geneticists having any qualification as medical geneticists. They would 
thus, at best, fall under Rule 3 (3). 
18. A Sonologist, imaging specialist, or Radiologist or Registered Medical 
Practitioner who has Post Graduate degree or diploma or six months of 
training for one year's experience in sonography or imaging scanning can 
only perform ultrasound tests, in a genetic clinic, ultrasound clinic and 
imaging centre, registered under Rule 3 (2). The registered medical 
practitioner is defined under Section 2 (m) of the PC & PNDT Act, 1994. 
The definition provides that such a registered medical practitioner means 
medical practitioner, who possesses any recognised medical qualifications 
as defined in clause (h) of Section 2 of the Indian Medical Council Act, 
1956, and whose name has been entered in State Medical Register. 
19. The petitioners are not medical practitioners having recognised 
medical qualifications under clause (h) of Section 2 of the Indian Medical 


=== PAGE 20 ===

 
20 
 
Council Act, 1956; and they are not entered in the State Medical Register. 
They are qualified differently under the Homeopathic Medicine Central 
Council Act and the Indian Medicine Central Council Act, 1971. The 
petitioners are thus not qualified and eligible to run an ultrasound centre/ 
clinic, and they could not be registered by the Chief Medical Officer, for 
carrying out ultrasound tests/ sonography. They were not entitled and were 
wrongly allowed registration by Chief Medical Officer under the PC & 
PNDT Act, 1994. 
20. The registration of a person under the PC & PNDT Act, 1994, if he is 
not qualified and eligible under the Act for such registration, will not give 
him any right to continue and to seek renewal in contravention of the 
provisions of the Act. The plea of estoppel is not applicable against a clear 
statutory prohibition. The public purpose for enacting the PC & PNDT 
Act, 1994 also does not give any right to the petitioners to claim to 
continue to run the ultrasound centre/ clinic on the basis of registration, 
which could not be given under the Act. All the petitioners were given 
show-cause notices on the directions of the Chairman, State Competent 
Authority, Director General U.P. dated 5.8.2008 and the District 
Magistrate dated 11.8.2008, and that their registrations were cancelled by 
the Chief Medical Officer, Siddharthnagar by a reasoned order. 
….. 
23. The horrible acts of crime committed by unethical persons in readily 
aborting female foetuses, of which sex is determined by the modern 
techniques, gave rise to the need of statutory regulations of the prohibition 
on sex determination and sex selection by pre-conception and prenatal 
diagnostic techniques. The regulation provided by the PC & PNDT Act, 
1994 for carrying out these tests only by qualified medical personnel and 
for registration of the genetic counselling centre, genetic clinic, genetic 
laboratory and ultrasound centres, was found necessary in the public 
interest. 
… 
26. The PC & PNDT Act, 1994 has been enacted to serve a larger public 
purpose, to curb female foeticide and to check the declining ratio of the 
female population as against the male population. It is also important 
social welfare legislation to prevent abortion of female child to avoid 
brutal discrimination and to ensure gender justice at conception and birth. 
Sex determination and sex selection, and consequent abortion of a female 
foetus with the help of modern techniques is a horrendous crime against 
the entire humanity. The millions of female foetuses were aborted in the 
country by unqualified and unethical medical practitioners, with the aid of 
modern scientific techniques in comparison to ethnic cleansing and 
genocide by dictators. 


=== PAGE 21 ===

 
21 
 
….. 
28. A combined reading of the definition of registered medial practitioner 
under Section 2 (m), with Section 3 of the PC and PNDT Act, 1994 and 
Rule 3 (3) of the PNDT Rules, 1996, clearly prohibits medical 
practitioners, except those, who are registered under Section 2 (h) of the 
Indian Medical Council Act, 1956 and are entered in the State Medical 
Register to carry out the ultrasound tests and prohibit registration of 
centres, which do not have in their employment, such medical 
practitioners. The registration of a medical practitioner under the Indian 
Medicine Council Act, 1956, and inclusion of his name in the State 
Medical Register is an essential qualification for registration of ultrasound 
clinics to conduct tests, other than tests for sex determination and sex 
selection. The requirement of registration of genetic clinic/ ultrasound 
clinic/ imaging clinic under Rule 3 (3) of the PNDT Rules, 1996, is 
necessary for any person having adequate space and equipment. He must 
either possess himself or employ a person, who is qualified under Rule 3 
(3) of the PNDT Rules, 1996. Further, even for a registered medical 
practitioner, the additional qualifications of possessing post graduate 
degree or diploma or six months training or one year's experience in 
Sonography or image scanning is also must for registration.” 
 
 
***********************


=== PAGE 22 ===

 
22 
 
PROHIBITIONS UNDER THE ACT 
 
The PNDT Act is a comprehensive piece of legislation that prohibits sex 
selection before or after conception and misuse of pre-natal diagnostic techniques 
for the determination of the sex of the foetus, leading to female foeticide as also 
advertisements in relation to such techniques for detection or determination of 
sex. The Act also specifies the punishment for violation of its provisions. 
Accordingly, the Act imposes the following Prohibitions: 
 
1. 
Prohibitions on Places: 
No genetic counselling centre or genetic clinic or genetic laboratory shall 
 conduct; or 
 associate with; or 
 help in conducting pre-natal diagnostic techniques unless registered.36  
Moreover, the registration certificate has to be displayed prominently on a board 
in such a place.37  
 employ or cause to be employed or take services of any person, whether 
on the honorary basis or on payment who does not possess prescribed 
qualifications.38  
A qualified person could be: 
- 
Gynaecologist 
- 
Medical Geneticist 
- 
Paediatrician 
- 
Registered Medical Practitioner 
- 
Radiologist 
- 
Sonologist 
- 
Imaging Specialist 
Who fulfils the requirements laid down under the Act 
 conduct or cause to be conducted a pre-natal diagnostic technique except 
for the purposes specified in the Act. 
 conduct or cause to be conducted a pre-natal diagnostic technique 
including ultrasonography for the purpose of determining the sex of the 
foetus.39  
Note: Every genetic counselling centre or genetic clinic or genetic laboratory is 
required to display prominently a notice in English and in the local language or 
languages that conduct sex-determination tests/disclosure of sex of the foetus is 
prohibited.40 
                                               
36 Section 3 (1) of the Act. 
37 Section 19 (4) of the Act. 
38 Section 3 (2) of the Act. 
39 Section 6 (a) of the Act. 
40 Rule 17 (1) under the PNDT Rules. 


=== PAGE 23 ===

 
23 
 
  
2. 
Prohibition on Persons: 
 No person shall open any genetic counselling centre, genetic clinic or 
genetic laboratory including clinic, laboratory or centre having ultrasound 
or imaging machine or scanner or any other technology capable of 
undertaking determination of sex of the foetus and sex selection unless 
such centre, clinic or laboratory is duly registered separately or jointly. 41 
 No qualified person shall conduct or aid in conducting himself or through 
any other person a pre-natal diagnostic technique at any place other than 
the place registered.42 
ILLUSTRATION:  
A. No one can conduct a pre-natal diagnostic technique at home unless the 
facility at home is also registered. 
B. No one can conduct a pre-natal diagnostic technique either on a voluntary 
basis or on a charitable basis unless the body is registered after meeting all 
necessary qualifications of persons, place and equipment. 
 No person shall render any services to any facility, after the 
commencement of the Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and 
Prevention of Misuse) Amendment Act, 2002 unless such facility is duly 
registered under the Act.43 
 No person including a relative or husband of the pregnant woman shall 
seek or encourage the conduct of any pre-natal diagnostic techniques on 
her except for the purposes specified in clause (2) of Section 4 of the Act. 
44 
 No person including a relative or husband of a woman shall seek or 
encourage the conduct of any sex-selection technique on her or him or 
both.45  
 No person shall conduct or cause to be conducted any pre-natal diagnostic 
technique including ultrasonography for purpose of sex determination.46  
 
  
In fact, a good doctor should counsel the patient that sex determination is 
illegal and should also positively propagate about the girl child. A doctor is highly 
regarded in society and any counselling by him/her will have a great impact on 
the implementation of the Act. 
 No person, including a specialist or a team of specialists in the field of 
infertility, shall conduct or cause to be conducted or aid in conducting by 
himself or by any other person, sex selection on a woman or a man or on 
                                               
41 Section 18 (1) of the Act. 
42 Section 3 (3) of the Act. 
43 Section 18(1) of the Act. 
44 Section 4 (4) of the Act. 
45 Section 4(5) of the Act. 
46 Section 6 (b) of the Act. 


=== PAGE 24 ===

 
24 
 
both or on any tissue, embryo, conceptus, fluid or gametes derived from 
either or both of them.47  
 No person shall, by whatever means, cause or allow to be caused the 
selection of sex before or after conception.48  
 No person including the person conducting pre-natal diagnostic 
procedures shall communicate to the pregnant woman concerned or her 
relatives or any other person the sex of the foetus by words, signs or in any 
other manner whatsoever.49 
 
ILLUSTRATION: 
A. 
Dr Lata tells Ramu it is time to celebrate, give me a packet of sweets. This 
is illegal as indirectly the Doctor is communicating to the father that it is a 
baby boy. 
B. 
Dr.Lama told Geeta, Oh! your shoulders have become heavy now. This is 
also illegal as the same indirectly conveys the fact that it is a baby girl. 
C. 
Dr Singha used to tell all his patients “You see I have all the latest 
techniques from America, I can tell the sex of the child within 10 weeks of 
pregnancy”. In every case, the doctor used to tell his patients it was a girl 
and his wife Mrs Singha used to conduct the abortions the very next day. 
Dr.Singha’s actions are in clear violation of the PNDT law. Dr Singha’s 
actions also amount to misrepresentation and fraud. 
D. 
Dr.Himmat never told his patients anything, he used to raise his left 
eyebrow when it was a boy and right eyebrow when it was a girl. 
Dr.Himmat’s actions though creative are also in violation of the PNDT 
law as the same amount to signs and gestures which is also prohibited. 
Note: The Central Supervisory Board has laid down a code of conduct under 
section 16 (iv) of the Act to be observed by persons working in bodies specified 
therein and as such the same has to be strictly followed.50  
 
3. 
 Miscellaneous Prohibitions: 
 No person, organization, Genetic Counselling Centre, Genetic Laboratory or 
Genetic Clinic, including clinic, laboratory or centre having ultrasound 
machine or imaging machine or scanner or any other technology capable of 
undertaking determination of sex of the foetus or sex selection shall issue, 
publish, distribute, communicate or cause to be issued, published, distributed 
or communicated any advertisement, in any form, including internet, 
                                               
47 Section 3A of the Act. 
48 Section 6(c) of the Act. 
49 Section 5 (2) of the Act. 
50 The Supreme Court has also stressed the formulation of such a code of conduct. The same has 
now been incorporated under Rule 18 of the amended PNDT Rules. 


=== PAGE 25 ===

 
25 
 
regarding facilities of pre-natal determination of sex or sex selection before 
conception available at such centre, laboratory, clinic or at any other place.51  
 
ILLUSTRATION: 
A. 
A Magazine published in America but distributed by AB Co in India with 
an office in Delhi carries an advertisement for sex determination. Such an 
action on the part of the company in Delhi is in violation of the Act. 
Advertisement includes any notice, circular, label, wrapper or other 
documents including advertisement through the internet or any other media in 
electronic or print form and also includes any visible representation made by 
means of any hoarding, wall-painting, signal, light, sound, smoke or gas.52 
 
B. 
Wrappers of Meera Milk food with a colourful picture of a baby boy—if 
you want a baby boy contact Meera Diagnostic Center and they will help 
you, otherwise a money-back guarantee. This is clearly illegal. 
 No person shall sell, distribute, supply, rent, allow or authorize the use of 
any ultrasound machine or imaging machine or scanner or any other 
equipment capable of detecting sex of foetus whether on payment or 
otherwise to any Genetic Counselling Centre, Genetic Laboratory, Genetic 
Clinic or any other person or body not registered under the Act.53 
“Person” includes manufacturer, importer, dealer or supplier of 
ultrasound machines/imaging machines or any other equipment capable of 
detecting sex of foetus” as also any organization including a commercial 
organization. 
Further, the provider of such machine/equipment to any person/body 
registered under the Act shall: 
a) send to the concerned State/UT Appropriate Authority and to the Central 
Government, once in three months a list of those to whom the 
machine/equipment has been provided; and 
b) take an affidavit from such body or person purchasing or getting 
authorization 
for 
using 
such 
machine/equipment 
that 
the 
machine/equipment shall not be used for detection of sex of foetus or 
selection of sex before or after conception.54 
 
********************** 
 
                                               
51 Section 22 (1) of the Act. 
52 Explanation to Section 22 of the Act. 
53 Section 3B of the Act read with Rule 3A under the amended PNDT Rules. 
54 Rule 3A(2) and (3) under the amended PNDT Rules. 


=== PAGE 26 ===

 
26 
 
PRESCRIPTIONS AND REGULATIONS 
 
The PCPNDT law is a prohibitory and regulatory statute; it seeks to put in 
place a mechanism that prohibits sex selection while preventing the misuse and 
over-use of the pre-natal diagnostic techniques. At the same time, the Act permits 
and regulates the use of such techniques for the purpose of detection of specific 
genetic abnormalities or disorders and for the larger benefit of mankind. The Act 
further permits the use of such techniques only under certain conditions by the 
registered bodies. The PCPNDT Act prohibits the conduct of pre-natal diagnostic 
techniques for the determination of the sex of the foetus but allows the conduct of 
pre-natal diagnostic techniques for purposes that have also been specified under 
the Act. These are for detection of: 
 
 chromosomal abnormalities; 
 genetic metabolic diseases; 
 haemoglobinopathies; 
 sex-linked genetic diseases; 
 congenital anomalies; 
 other abnormalities or diseases as specified by the Central Supervisory 
Board.55 
 
The Central Supervisory Board has laid down a representative list of 
indications for an ultrasound during pregnancy (see new Form F under the 
amended Rules). 
The conduct of pre-natal diagnostic techniques is further permissible if the 
person qualified is satisfied for reasons to be recorded in writing that any of the 
following conditions exist: 
 age of the pregnant woman is above thirty-five years; 
 the pregnant woman has undergone two or more spontaneous abortions or 
foetal loss; 
 the pregnant woman has been exposed to potentially teratogenic agents 
such as drugs, radiation, infection or chemicals; 
 the pregnant woman or her spouse has a family history of mental 
retardation or physical deformities such as spasticity or any other genetic 
disease; 
 any other condition specified by the Central Supervisory Board.56 
 The doctors conducting pre-natal diagnostic techniques should maintain 
proper documentation. Under the amendments, it has been made 
mandatory that the person conducting ultrasonography on a pregnant 
                                               
55 Section 4 (1) read with Section 4 (2) of the Act. 
56 Section 4 (1) of the Act read with Section 4 (3) of the Act 


=== PAGE 27 ===

 
27 
 
woman shall keep a complete record thereof in the clinic in such manner, 
as may be prescribed, and any deficiency or inaccuracy found therein shall 
amount to a contravention of provisions of section 5 or section 6 unless 
the contrary is proved by the person conducting such ultrasonography.57  
Once the doctor follows all the necessary requirements under the law and 
does the necessary paperwork as mentioned below, he can have no fear from the 
law. The woman must not only make sure that her consent is taken in case of 
invasive procedures but must ask for a copy of every document that she signs. If 
she does not understand anything she must ask for an explanation and it is her 
right to be told. 
Pre-implantation genetic diagnosis or a pre-natal diagnostic technique/test 
/procedure such as amniocentesis, chorionic villi biopsy, foetoscopy, foetal skin 
or organ biopsy or cordocentesis can be conducted: 
 
 ONLY after obtaining the written consent of the woman in the prescribed 
format in a language that she understands. The format for the written 
consent is provided in Form G under the Rules. 
However, an exception is that where a Genetic Clinic has taken a sample 
of any body tissue or body fluid and sent it to a Genetic Laboratory for analysis or 
test, it shall not be necessary for the Genetic Laboratory to obtain fresh consent in 
Form G. 
 ONLY after giving her a copy of the same, and 
 ONLY after explaining all known side and after-effects of the procedures 
to the pregnant woman.58  
 
Under the amended Rules, a distinction has been made between invasive 
and non-invasive techniques for the purpose of obtaining consent and consent is 
required in the case of invasive techniques. However, in the case of 
ultrasonography, other documentation is now required. Any person conducting 
ultrasonography/image scanning on a pregnant woman shall give a declaration on 
each report on ultrasonography/image scanning that he/she has neither detected 
nor disclosed the sex of the foetus of the pregnant woman to anybody.The 
pregnant woman before undergoing ultrasonography/image scanning declares that 
she does not want to know the sex of her foetus59. 
 
Link with the Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act, 1971: 
 
                                               
57 Proviso to Section 4(3) of the Act. 
58 Section 5 of the Act. 
59 Rule 10 (1A) under the amended PNDT Rules. 


=== PAGE 28 ===

 
28 
 
It is important to mention that the PCPNDT Act has an important link with 
the Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act, 1971 (hereinafter referred to as the 
MTP Act). Prior to 1971, abortions were considered illegal in our country and in 
fact the same could be punishable under the Indian Penal Code. In 1971, the MTP 
Act was passed which provides for the termination of certain pregnancies by 
registered medical practitioners (as defined under the MTP Act). Thus it is clear 
that abortion is not provided for in all cases of pregnancy but only in the case of 
certain pregnancies. Under the Act, termination of pregnancy is possible where: 
 
 the length of the pregnancy does not exceed twelve weeks; 
 the length of the pregnancy exceeds twelve weeks but does not exceed 
twenty weeks: in this case, the opinion of two registered medical 
practitioners in favour of the termination of the pregnancy is essential.60 
 
It is Permitted only: 
 
i. 
if the continuance of the pregnancy would involve a risk to the life of the 
pregnant woman or of grave injury to her physical or mental health61; or 
ii. 
if there is a substantial risk that if the child were born, it would suffer from 
such physical or mental abnormalities as to be seriously handicapped.62  
It has been clarified under the Act that where the pregnancy is alleged to 
have been caused by rape, the anguish caused by such pregnancy shall be 
presumed to constitute a grave injury to the mental health of the pregnant 
woman.63 Thus, pregnancy due to rape can be validly terminated. 
Further, where the pregnancy occurs as a result of the failure of any device 
or method used by any married woman or her husband for the purpose of limiting 
the number of children, the anguish caused by such unwanted pregnancy may be 
presumed to constitute a grave injury to the mental health of the pregnant 
woman.64 Thus, failure of methods of family planning could also give rise to a 
ground for termination of the pregnancy. 
While considering whether the continuance of the pregnancy would 
involve risk or injury to the health of the pregnant woman, the account may be 
taken of the pregnant woman’s actual or reasonable foreseeable environment.65 
There is another provision under which the pregnancy can be terminated 
validly irrespective of the length of the pregnancy and the opinion of two 
registered medical practitioners. In this case, the registered medical practitioner 
                                               
60 Section 3 (a) and (b) of the MTP Act. 
61 Section 3 (i) of the MTP Act. 
62 Section 3 (ii) of the MTP Act. 
63 Explanation 1 to Section 3 of the MTP Act 
64 Explanation 2 to Section 3 of the MTP Act 
65 Explanation 3 to Section 3 of the MTP Act. 


=== PAGE 29 ===

 
29 
 
should be of the opinion, formed in good faith that the termination of the 
pregnancy is immediately necessary to save the life of the pregnant woman.66  
The opinion of the registered medical practitioners should be formed in 
good faith. Such opinion has to be certified in Form I under the MTP 
Regulations67 framed under Act68. In this form, the reasons for forming the 
opinion also has to be stated. Further, every registered medical practitioner who 
terminates any pregnancy is required within three hours from the termination of 
the pregnancy to certify such termination in the said form where again the reason 
for terminating the pregnancy has to be specified69. 
It is clear from what is above mentioned that termination of pregnancy is 
possible only in certain cases and where the pregnancy is more than 12 weeks old, 
opinion of two registered medical practitioners as defined under the MTP Act is 
essential, and then also abortion is possible only up to the twentieth week. Thus if 
a woman were to go in for abortion after 12 weeks of pregnancy, the opinion of 
two registered medical practitioners would be essential. 
 
******************* 
 
                                               
66 Section 5 of the MTP Act. 
67 The Medical Termination of Pregnancy Regulations, 1975 published in the Gazette of India 
dated 
4.10.75. 
68 Regulation 3 (1) under the MTP Regulations. 
69 Regulation 3 (2) under the MTP Regulations. 


=== PAGE 30 ===

 
30 
 
MAINTENANCE AND PRESERVATION OF RECORDS 
 
The Act and the Rules also deal elaborately with the maintenance and 
preservation of records. Maintenance of proper records has a dual advantage: 
 from the point of view of the centre or clinic or laboratory, if there is any 
complaint against them, through the records they can prove that their action 
was in accordance with the law and the rules. 
 from the point of view of the implementing authorities, while non-
maintenance of proper records can itself give rise to a cause of action, the fact 
that proper records have not been maintained or that for certain cases no 
records have been maintained can be indicative of the fact that the centre or 
the clinic or the laboratory is conducting pre-natal diagnostic techniques for 
the purpose of determination of the sex of the foetus or in violation of the Act. 
Every Genetic Counselling Centre, Genetic Clinic or Genetic 
Laboratory, Ultrasound Clinic and Imaging Centre is required to maintain 
certain records: 
Register showing in serial order: 
 names and addresses of men or women given genetic counselling and/or 
subjected to a pre-natal diagnostic procedure or test; 
 names of their spouses or fathers; 
 the date on which they first reported for such counselling, procedure or 
test.70  
Further, 
 Record by every Genetic Counselling Centre of each woman counselled is 
to be as specified in FORM D under the Rules;71  
 Record by every Genetic Laboratory of each man or woman subjected to 
pre-natal diagnostic test is to be as specified in FORM E under the 
Rules;72  
 Record by every Genetic Clinic of each man or woman subjected to the 
pre-natal diagnostic procedure is to be as specified in FORM F under the 
Rules.73 
 
The other kinds of records include: 
● 
Case records 
● 
Forms of consent 
● 
Laboratory results 
● 
Microscopic pictures 
                                               
70 Rule 9 (1) under the Rules. 
71 Rule 9 (2) under the Rules 
72 Rule 9 (3) under the Rules. 
73 Rule 9 (4) under the Rules 


=== PAGE 31 ===

 
31 
 
● 
Sonographic plates or slides 
● 
Recommendations and letters 
 
A person conducting ultrasonography on a pregnant woman shall keep a 
complete record thereof in the clinic in such manner, as may be prescribed, and if 
any deficiency or accuracy is found in the same, that would be treated as a 
contravention of provisions of section 5 or section 6 unless the contrary is 
proved by the person conducting the ultrasonography.74  
Moreover, every Genetic Counselling Centre, Genetic Laboratory, Genetic 
Clinic, Ultrasound Clinic and Imaging Centre shall send a complete report in 
respect of all pre-conception or pregnancy-related procedures/ techniques/ tests 
conducted by them in respect of each month by 5th day of the following month to 
the concerned Appropriate Authority.75 
These records are required to be maintained for a period of 2 years76 from 
the date of completion of counselling, pre-natal diagnostic procedure or pre-natal 
diagnostic test or in the event of any legal proceeding, till the final disposal of the 
legal proceeding.77  
In case the records are maintained on a computer or other electronic 
equipment, a printed copy of the record is required to be taken and preserved after 
authentication by a person responsible for such record.78 
Records, at all reasonable times, are to be made available for inspection to 
the Appropriate Authority or a person authorized by the Appropriate Authority on 
this behalf.79  
 
The Appropriate Authority is to maintain a permanent record of: 
 applications for grant of certificate of registration; 
 applications for renewal of the certificate of registration as specified in 
Form H under the Rules; 
 letters of intimation of every change of employee, place, address and 
equipment installed.80  
 
*************** 
 
                                               
74 Proviso to Section 4 (3) of the Act. 
75 Rule 9(8) under the amended PNDT Rules. 
76 Section 29 (1) of the Act. 
77 Proviso to Section 29 (1) of the Act read with Rule 6 under the Rules. 
78 Rule 9 (7) under the Rules 
79 Section 29 (2) of the Act. 
80 Rule 9 (5) under the Rules 


=== PAGE 32 ===

 
32 
 
OFFENCES & PENALTIES  
 
(A) Offence by persons 
I. 
If any person acts contrary to the prohibitions listed above including under 
Sections 22(1) and 22(2) relating to the advertisement, he will be liable to be 
punished with: 
 imprisonment which may extend to 3 years; and  
 a fine which may extend to Rs.10,000/-.81 
 Any subsequent conviction entails: 
 imprisonment which may extend to 5 years; and 
 a fine which may extend to Rs.50,000/-.82 
II. 
In case of a person seeking the aid of the bodies or persons referred to above 
for sex selection or for conducting pre-natal diagnostic techniques on any 
pregnant woman for purposes other than those specified in Section 4(2), he 
shall be liable to be punished with: 
 imprisonment which may extend to three years; and 
 fine which may extend to Rs.50,000/-. 
 Any subsequent conviction entails: 
 imprisonment which may extend to 5 years; and 
 a fine which may extend to Rs.1 lakh.83 
III. 
In the case of a registered medical practitioner, his name shall be reported 
by the Appropriate Authority to the State Medical Council concerned for 
taking necessary action: 
 including suspension of the registration if charges are framed by the court 
and till the case is disposed of; and 
 for the removal of his name from the register of the council on conviction 
for the period of: 
-five years for the first offence; 
-permanently for the subsequent offence.84 
IV. 
Husband and relatives of the pregnant woman who undergoes a pre-natal 
diagnostic technique for the purposes other than those specified in sub-
section (2) of section 4 shall be: 
 presumed to have compelled the woman to undergo the pre-natal 
diagnostic technique unless the contrary is proved;85and 
 liable for abetment of an offence under Section 23 (3); 86and 
 punishable for the offence under Section 23 (3). 87 
                                               
81 Sections 22 (3), 23 (1) and 23 (3) of the Act. 
82 Sections 23 (1) of the Act. 
83 Section 23 (3) of the Act. 
84 Section 23 (2) of the Act. 
85 Section 24 of the Act. 
86 Section 24 of the Act. 


=== PAGE 33 ===

 
33 
 
If the contrary is proved, the woman can also be likewise punished. For 
the removal of doubts, it has been made clear under the amendments that the 
provisions of Section 23 (3) shall not apply to the woman who was compelled to 
undergo such diagnostic techniques or such selection.88 
V. 
If any person contravenes any provision of the Act or the Rules made 
thereunder for which no penalty has been specified, he will be liable to be 
punished with: 
 imprisonment which may extend to three months; or 
 fine which may extend to Rs.1000/-; or with both.89 
 Any subsequent contravention entails an additional fine which may extend 
to Rs.500/- for every day during which such contravention continues after 
conviction for the first such contravention. 
 
(B) Offence by a company: 
A company: 
 means anybody corporate; 
 includes a firm or other association of individuals.90 
 In case of offence by a company: 
 every person in charge of; and 
 every person responsible  
 to the company for the conduct of the business of the company at the time 
the offence was committed 
 the company 
 shall all be deemed to be guilty and accordingly proceeded against and 
punished.91  
The aforesaid liability of such person of the company is subject to the 
qualification that if any such person proves that the offence was committed 
without his knowledge or that he had exercised due diligence to prevent the 
commission of such offence, he may not be so liable.92  
If consent, connivance of or that it was attributable to any neglect on the 
part of: 
● 
Director and in relation to a firm, a partner in the firm 
● 
Manager 
● 
Secretary 
● 
Other officers 
                                                                                                                                
87 Section 24 of the Act. 
88 Section 23(4) of the Act 
89Section 25 of the Act.  
90 Explanation (a) to Section 26 of the Act. 
91 Section 26 (1) of the Act. 
92 Proviso to Section 26 (1) of the Act. 


=== PAGE 34 ===

 
34 
 
they shall also be deemed to be guilty and accordingly proceeded against 
and punished.93 
Hon’ble Apex Court in the case of S.M.S. Pharmaceutical Ltd. Vs. Neeta 
Bhalla94 held that the necessary averments ought to be in the complaint before a 
person can be subjected to a criminal process by way of fastening vicarious 
liability on him in his capacity as director of the company. Those necessary 
averments are that the Director of the Company was in charge of and responsible 
for the conduct of the business of the company.  
 
(C) Nature of the Offence: 
Every Offence under this Act shall be cognizable, non-bailable and non-
compoundable.95 
 
 
******************** 
 
 
                                               
93 Section 26 (2) of the Act 
94 2005 (8) SCC 89 
95 Section 27 of the Act. 


=== PAGE 35 ===

 
35 
 
INVESTIGATION & CASE STUDIES 
 
Ordinarily, any person can set the criminal law in motion. The Parliament, 
however, keeping in view the sensitivity and/ or importance of the subject, have 
carved out specific areas where violations of any of the provisions of a special 
statute like PCPNDT Act can be dealt with only by the authorities specified 
therein. 
  
Section 17 & 30 of the PCPNDT Act talks about the authority to 
investigate the offences under the Act and the powers of the appropriate authority 
regarding the investigation.  
According to Section 17(4) (c & e): The Appropriate Authority shall have 
the following functions, namely: - 
(a)..(b).. 
(c) to investigate complaints of breach of the provisions of this Act or the rules 
made thereunder and take immediate action; 
(d)... 
(e) to take appropriate legal action against the use of any sex selection technique 
by any person at any place, suo motu or brought to its notice and also to initiate 
independent investigations in such matter; 
 
For the purpose of above-mentioned Investigation, the Appropriate 
authority can exercise following powers conferred on it by Section 17A & Section 
30 of the Act: 
1. It can summon any person who is in possession of any information 
relating to violation of the provisions of this Act or the rules made 
thereunder; 
2. It can summon to produce any document or material object relating to 
violation of the provisions of this Act or the rules made thereunder; 
3. It can issue a search warrant for any place suspected to be indulging in sex 
selection techniques or pre-natal sex determination; and any other matter 
which may be prescribed.96 
4. It can enter, search at all reasonable times any premises and seize & seal 
any material object found therein if such Authority or officer has reason to 
believe that it may furnish evidence of the commission of an offence 
punishable under this Act.97 
  
Rule 18A has been inserted vide notification No. 86 Dated 26 February 
2014, Which provide the following Code of conduct to be observed by 
                                               
96 Section 17 A of the Act. 
97 Section 30 of the Act. 


=== PAGE 36 ===

 
36 
 
Appropriate Authorities for processing of complaint and investigation, 
namely: 
i. 
to Maintain appropriate diaries in support of registration of each of the 
complaint or case under the Act; 
ii. 
to attend to all complaints and maintain transparency in follow-up Action 
of the complaint; 
iii. 
to investigate all the complaints within twenty- four hours of receipt of 
the complaint and complete the investigation within forty-eight hours of 
receipt of such complaint; 
iv. 
as for as possible, not to involve the police for investigating cases under 
the Act as the cases under the Act are tried as complaint cases under the 
code of Criminal procedure,1973(2 of 1974) 
 
By analyzing the above provisions of the Act & Rules, it is clear that the 
duty and powers to investigate the offences under the Act are only of the 
Appropriate authority appointed under the Act. Rule 18A (3) generally prohibits 
the involvement of police for investigating cases under the Act as the cases under 
the Act are tried as complaint cases under the code of Criminal procedure,1973(2 
of 1974). The powers of the appropriate authority are well defined under the Act, 
but it does not expressly include the power to arrest, although the offences under 
the Act are cognizable. 
 
Search and Seizure 
 
A search is an integral step in a criminal investigation. Whenever an 
appropriate authority or any other authorized officer has reason to believe that an 
offence under the Act has been or is being committed, he may search a genetic 
counselling centre, a genetic laboratory or genetic clinic or any other place which 
is suspected of conducting pre-natal diagnostic techniques. 
The scope of the powers of the appropriate authority to search and seize is 
very wide and it includes the power to: 
● 
Enter freely into the place of search. 
● 
Search at all reasonable times.98  
● 
Examine and inspect all documents like: 
i. 
Registers 
ii. 
Records including consent forms, referral slips, charts, laboratory results, 
microscopic pictures 
iii. 
Forms 
iv. 
Books 
v. 
Pamphlets 
                                               
98 Section 30(1) of the Act read with Rule 12 (1) under the PNDT Rules 


=== PAGE 37 ===

 
37 
 
vi. 
Advertisements 
vii. 
Material objects like sonographic plates or slides 
viii. 
Equipment like ultrasonography machines, needles, foetoscopes etc.99  
 Seize and seal any document, record, material object or equipment etc. if 
there is reason to believe that it may furnish evidence of the commission 
of an offence punishable under the Act. 
It has been clarified that ‘material object’ would include records, machines 
and equipments; and ‘seize’ and ‘seizure’ would include ‘seal’ and ‘sealing’ 
respectively. 
 
The Act has to be read in conjunction with the rules under the Act and the 
Code of Criminal Procedure to ensure that the search and seizure are done in a 
fair and non-arbitrary manner.  
 
Safeguards or Prerequisites to be followed during the Search and Seizure: 
 
Search and Witnesses: 
 
a. During the search at least two independent witnesses of the locality should 
be present;100  
b. If no such persons are available or willing to be witness to the search, then 
two such persons of another locality should be present; 
c. The search should be made in the presence of the two or more independent 
witnesses;101  
d. The witnesses are to be selected by the appropriate authority or the officer 
duly authorized to conduct a search; 
e. The witnesses so selected should be unprejudiced and uninterested as the 
object of the section is to ensure fair dealing and a feeling of confidence and 
security amongst the public; 
f. The witnesses may be summoned by Court to appear as witnesses. 
g. Any person suspected of having any object on his person may also be 
searched. However, if such a person, is a woman, the search can be done 
only by a female officer. 
 
Preparation of List: 
a. A list of documents, records, material objects etc. seized during the search 
should be prepared in duplicate and both copies of such list shall be signed 
on every page by the appropriate authority or the officer authorized and the 
witnesses to the seizure;102  
                                               
99 Section 30 (1) of the Act. 
100 Rule 12(1) under the PNDT Rules. 
101 Proviso to Rule 12(2) under the PNDT Rules 
102 Rule 12(2) under the PNDT Rules. 


=== PAGE 38 ===

 
38 
 
b. Assistance of your office staff can always be taken during the process of 
search and seizure; 
c. The list should be prepared at the place affecting the seizure and if it is not 
practicable to do so at the place affecting the seizure then for reasons to be 
recorded in writing it can be done in any other place but it has to be in the 
presence of the witnesses; 
d. A copy of the list prepared must be handed over to the person from whose 
custody the document, record or material object etc. is being seized or his 
representative under acknowledgement or sent by registered post to him if 
he is not available at the place of effecting the seizure;103  
e. The person from whose custody the document, record or material object etc. 
is being seized or his representative should be permitted to attend during the 
search and seizure; 
f. The appropriate authority or the officer duly authorized on this behalf may 
seize any document, material object, record or equipment and take the same 
into safe custody; 
g. It is preferable that along with the preparation of a list of objects seized, a 
slip is made and pasted on each object seized along with the date, time and 
the signature of the witnesses; 
h. After a list of seizures is prepared the same must be sent to the Magistrate 
having jurisdiction or in charge of the case within 24 hours of the seizure by 
the appropriate authority or officer duly authorised. Permission to retain 
the seized objects should be obtained from the Court. The owner of the 
seized object may make an application to the court for the release of the 
same. The court may do so after imposing conditions for custody and taking 
a bond to the effect that, the objects must not be misused for conducting sex-
determination tests and that the objects must be produced in Court as and 
when required etc. 
i. Police aid can be taken if the appropriate authority apprehends a law and 
order problem during the process of search and seizure. But only in 
exceptional cases because Rule 18A (3)(iv) prohibits the involvement of 
police as for as possible.  
 
Sealing: 
a. If any material object seized is perishable in nature then arrangements shall 
be made promptly by the appropriate authority or officer duly authorised for 
sealing, identification and preservation of the same and send the same to a 
facility for test if so required;104  
                                               
103 Rule 12 (3) under the PNDT Rules and the prroviso to the same. 
104 Rule 12 (4) under the PNDT Rules. 


=== PAGE 39 ===

 
39 
 
b. And till such arrangements for safe removal are made the refrigerator or 
other equipment used by the Genetic Counselling Centre, Genetic 
Laboratory or Genetic Clinic for the preservation of such material object 
seized shall be sealed; In case of such sealing it is important to mention the 
same in the list of seizure prepared;105  
c. If the search and seizure is not completed in a day then the appropriate 
authority or officer duly authorised may either seal the premises or mount a 
guard for safekeeping to prevent any tampering of the documents, records, 
material objects etc;106 
d. After the seizure the seized objects can be removed to your own premises or 
may be left in the custody of a respectable person of the locality. If it is not 
possible to remove the seized objects, they may be retained where they are 
found after taking a bond from the owner that the same would be produced 
before the court as and when required. 
 
The machines of the facility that are seized and sealed may be released if 
such organization pays a penalty equal to five times the registration fee to the 
Appropriate Authority concerned and gives an undertaking that it shall not 
undertake detection of sex of the foetus.107 
The appropriate authority is duty-bound to maintain systematic records of the 
search and seizure and the same would also safeguard the appropriate authority 
against any allegations of abuse. 
 
Collection of Evidence during Investigation: 
 
The evidence that needs to be collected in order to make out a case under 
the PNDT Act varies depending upon the nature of the violation and in some 
cases, the pieces of evidence can overlap. 
 
 
I. 
Evidence of Illegal Advertisement: 
In case any genetic counselling centre, genetic laboratory, genetic clinic, 
ultrasound clinic or imaging centre advertises the facilities for pre-natal 
determination of sex or sex selection before or after conception, the advertiser, the 
distributor, the person or centre who issues or causes to be issued an 
advertisement for the aforementioned purpose will all be equally liable under the 
PNDT Act. 
 
The documentary evidence may include: 
                                               
105 Proviso to Rule 12 (4) under the PNDT Rules. 
106 Rule 12 (5) under the PNDT Rules. 
107 Rule 11(2) under the amended PNDT Rules. 


=== PAGE 40 ===

 
40 
 
(A) 
the paper cutting of the advertisement, the name of the newspaper or 
magazine or any other document which carries the advertisement, the date 
of the issuance of the advertisement; 
(B) 
the name of the advertiser, his place of business; 
(C) 
the name of the owner of the clinic, centre or laboratory issuing such 
advertisement, the address of the said centre, laboratory or clinic; 
(D) 
the name of the distributor, his place of business; 
(E) 
the photograph of the advertisement, the photograph of the hoarding, 
board, wall on which the advertisement is present etc. 
(F) 
the letters heads, memorandum of association, annual reports, statements 
showing organizational structure and ownership of the newspaper, or a 
distributorship, or the centre. This information has to be collected in order 
to link the person to the violation. 
The aforementioned list is not exhaustive but merely illustrative. 
 
II. 
Evidence In case of conducting a test for determination of sex or 
communication of the sex of the foetus: 
The investigation of cases of this nature is difficult because of the 
collusion between the doctor and the persons wanting the test. Nevertheless, there 
are ways and means to collect evidence in such cases as well: 
 
The documentary evidence may include 
1. 
referral slips 
2. 
consent forms 
3. 
laboratory results 
4. 
microscopic pictures 
5. 
sonographic plates or slides 
6. 
registers containing names and addresses of patients and their families 
7. 
case history of the patient 
8. 
records of clients maintained on the computer or other electronic 
equipment can be taken on a floppy or a printed copy of the same 
9. 
floppy or printed copy of the ultrasound image of the foetus 
10. Receipt of the fee paid for the test, details of cheque payment etc. 
 
Other Evidence & Decoy Operations: 
Apart from documentary evidence, decoy witnesses namely pregnant 
women can also be sent to suspected centres to find out if the pre-natal 
determination of sex is done. If it is found that such centres are conducting the 
tests the statements of such witnesses can be recorded by the appropriate 
authority. That hidden tape recorder or camera can also be used to record the 
conversation between the decoy witness and the doctor. When decoy witnesses 
are sent for getting the tests done then the Chief Medical Officer or appropriate 


=== PAGE 41 ===

 
41 
 
authority can at the same time raid the premises or inspect the premises and 
collect the evidence on the spot. 
As and when decoy witnesses are used their statement should be taken on 
affidavit that they are getting the tests done on humanitarian grounds and on the 
grounds of public interest in order to assist the appropriate authority. 
In some cases, women may themselves complain that they were forced to 
get the sex of the foetus determined. Then that woman’s statement can be 
recorded and she can also be called as a witness to depose about the doctor, the 
centre and the family members who forced her to get the test done. 
 
III. 
Evidence in case of non-registration, cancellation or suspension of 
registration: 
The collection of evidence in these cases is not very difficult as most of 
the records are available with the appropriate authority itself. 
 
The documentary and oral evidence may include 
(a) 
a Copy of the registration certificate 
(b) 
a Copy of the affidavit given by the owner that he will not conduct pre-
natal determination of sex. 
(c) 
a Copy of the particulars given about the qualifications of the employees 
while registration 
(d) 
Documents collected from the MCI, the degree certificate of the medical 
practitioners (employees of the centre) etc. 
(e) 
Statements of decoy witnesses 
(f) 
The tape and video recording 
(g) 
Other materials collected as evidence in case of conducting tests. 
 
Case Study- 1 
On the 10th of September 2020 Mr. A was shopping in the busy market in 
Lucknow. Suddenly he was distracted by a bright hoarding near a temple 
premises which displayed the name and address of a clinic which specialised in 
dispensing medicine which was effective and guaranteed the birth of a male child 
to couples who took the medicine. 
The man being himself a father of two girls was disgusted by the 
advertisement of gender discrimination. He went back home, got a camera and 
clicked a photograph of the advertisement. He then mailed his complaint 
regarding the matter and the photograph as evidence to DMs office requesting 
him to take action. 
The DM acted upon the complaint and an inspection under the PCPNDT 
Act was conducted on the premises of said clinic. The inspection team found 
samples of medicines whose packet displayed the above advertisement, samples 
were seized. It was also noted that neither was the doctor nor was the clinic 


=== PAGE 42 ===

 
42 
 
registered under the PCPNDT Act. The clinic was sealed, seized and legal 
proceedings were filed in CJM Court under the PCPNDT Act. 
 
Questions and Responses 
Q-1. What violations were committed in the instant case under the Act? 
Section 22(1), (2), Section 3A, Section 6(C) 
Q-2. Who all will be acted against as accused in the instant case and who will be 
prosecuted? 
Owner of the clinic, publisher, printer, distributor of advertisement, 
manufacturer of drug/medicine 
Q-3. What evidence would be adequate for the Court to reach a verdict? 
Photograph, 1st click/printout, mail sent to DM, Order of Inspection by AA, as 
per Rule 12 authorization order, inspection note, the oral evidence of two 
witnesses, seizure of records, registers, pamphlet, advertisement, a sample of 
medicines, display stickers etc. 
 
Q-4. What punishment would the court grant in the case? 
Section 22(3), Section 25, Section 23 
Q-5. Can this clinic be registered under the PCPNDT Act? 
No 
Case Study -2 
In a district, a decoy operation was planned by an NGO. A pregnant 
female employee of the organisation approached one of the USG centres with a 
man, posing as her spouse, and complained of severe stomach cramps. Some 
quarries were put to the woman and she responded to all the quarries. The 
attending doctor did not get Form-F and Form-G (consent form) filled and signed 
by the decoy. He proceeded to explain to her that the ultrasound procedure would 
be conducted without any hassles but did not explain to her the side effects and 
after-effects of the procedure. 
The man along with the decoy asked the doctor if they could know the sex 
of the foetus to which the doctor replied in the affirmative. When the doctor was 
asked about any problem which can be caused, enquiring the sex of a child, the 
doctor dismissed their concern. 
He pointed to a miniature temple inside the ultrasound room in which the 
idols of female and male deities were placed and told the decoys that he would 
point to one or the other to indicate the sex of the foetus. 
However, before the procedure, a planned phone call interrupted them and 
claiming a family emergency, they scheduled an appointment for a future date. 
The audio and video of the entire conversation were recorded by the decoy 
using a hidden camera and microphone. This was submitted by the NGO to the 
District Magistrate. 


=== PAGE 43 ===

 
43 
 
The inspection was carried out by the Appropriate Authority at the USG 
centre it was found that the centre did not regularly maintain the register, copies 
of Form-F and consent Form of the patient as were required under the PCPNDT 
Act. A copy of the registration certificate was not displayed in the centre and 
neither was a copy of the Act and Rules found. 
Section 4(3), Section 5(a,b,c), Section 3A 
The centre was sealed, articles were seized and legal proceedings were 
initiated in the Court of CJM. 
Section 22(2,3), Section 29(1), Rule 9(4), Rule 17(2), Rule 18 
 
Question and Responses: 
Q-1. Is conducting a decoy operation legally permitted? 
It is legal under the Mukhbir Yojana Notified by State Government. 
Q-2. What violations/offences have been committed under the Act? 
Section 22(3), Section 25, Section 23 
Q-3. Who all can be prosecuted against? 
Owner of the centre, doctor, employees assisting the doctor, 
Q-4. What evidence would be adequate for court? 
Authorisation of Decoy, marking of currency note given to the decoy to deposit 
as requisite fees, digital evidence if any, the oral evidence of decoy and person 
accompanying Order of Inspection by AA, as per r/12 authorisation order, 
inspection note, documents ( consent form, referral slip, lab report, microscopic 
pictures, forms, books, advertisements, sonography plates, slides), equipments ( 
sonography machines, fetoscopic, etc ) 
 
Case Study 3 
An inspection was conducted by a team formed at the behest of the 
District Magistrate of District Allahabad on 3rd August 2021. The inspection was 
conducted in 12 USG centres and it was a spontaneous procedure of which 
nobody was informed earlier. 
Many UltraSound Centres in the city were found to be in gross violation 
of many of the provisions of the PCPNDT Act. Some of the violations found 
during the inspection are as follows: - 
 There was no notice on the premises of the centre to the effect that 
disclosure of sex of the foetus is not done at the centre and that it is an 
offence under the law. 
Rule 17(1) Public Information 
 Copy of the registration certificate was not displayed in a conspicuous 
place.  
 
 


=== PAGE 44 ===

 
44 
 
Section 19 (Display) 
 Copy of Bare Act and Rules made thereunder was not available at the 
centre when asked by the inspection team? 
Section 17(2) 
 Register carrying the name and full addresses of the persons who had 
undergone ultrasound procedure/tests, name of their spouse/father and 
date of their first reporting in serial order was not maintained regularly at 
the centre. 
Rule 9(1), Section 4(3), Section 5, 6, Section 29 
 Copies of Form-F were visible with blank columns. The entries with the 
register did not match with the full addresses of patients and their serial 
numbers. 
Section 4(3), Rule 9(4) 
 Doctor conducting the ultrasound procedure/test was not the same as the 
one whose name had been submitted at the time of applying for 
registration in Form A. 
Section 3(2), Rule 18(2) 
 Name and Designation of the Doctor conducting the ultrasound 
procedure/test was not displayed on the USG Reports found at the centre. 
Section 4(3) 
 In light of findings during the inspection the centre was sealed and seized 
as per the PCPNDT Act and legal proceedings were filed by the 
appropriate authority in the CJM Court. 
 
Q.- What punishment would the Court grant if the case is proved? 
Section 22(3), Section 23(1,2,3) 
 
Whether a FIR could be Lodged for the Offences under PCPNDT Act? 
 
If we go through the provisions under sections 17, 17A, 28 of the Act & 
Rule 18A (3) of the Rules, one can say that only the appropriate authority has 
been assigned the duty & powers to Investigate the violation of the provisions of 
the Act & Rules. The intention of the Legislature is quite clear under the Rules. 
The rule vividly and expressly states that the appropriate authorities are entitled to 
conduct for processing of complaint and investigation, as far as possible, not to 
involve the police for investigating cases under the Act, as the cases under the Act 
are tried as complaint cases under the CrPC which manifests the intention of the 
Legislature   that   it   is   only   the   Appropriate   Authority   concerned   as 
enumerated in Section 28(1)(a) and notified under Section 17(1) of the PCPNDT 
Act to investigate the offence and to file a complaint under Section 28(1)(a) and 
as such, police officers including Station House Officers are not empowered 


=== PAGE 45 ===

 
45 
 
under the PCPNDT Act to investigate the offences alleged to have been 
committed under the Act which is in consonance with Section 5 of the CrPC. 
 But in many cases, sections 27 and 28 of the PCPNDT act were 
interpreted in a different way, like section 27 makes the offence cognizable and in 
every cognizable case, police can investigate, the statutory bar under Section 28 
applies only at the stage of cognizance. The Cognizance would be taken only on 
the complaint that has been filed in accordance with Section 28 of the PCPNDT 
Act, 1994. 
Hon’ble Allahabad High Court in the case of Dr Varsha Gautam Vs. 
The state of U.P. And others108 has held that “In our view, the said prohibition 
U/Section 28 of the PCPNDT Act does not apply at the stage of investigation and 
only relates to the stage when cognizance is sought to be taken by the concerned 
court. ”  
In the case of Hardeep Singh Vs. State of Haryana and Ors.109, where 
three questions which had been referred to it were considered, The Division 
Bench of Punjab-Haryana High Court answered the questions as under - 
(1) FIR for the offence committed under PCPNDT Act can be registered on the 
complaint of the Appropriate Authority and can be investigated by the 
Police; however, cognizance of the same can be taken by the Court on the 
basis of a complaint made by one of the persons mentioned in Section 28 of 
the Act. 
(2) A report under Section 173 CrPC along with the complaint of an appropriate 
authority can be filed in the Court. However, cognizance would be taken 
only on the complaint that has been filed in accordance with Section 28 of 
the Act. 
(3) FIR can be lodged and offences can be investigated by the Police but 
cognizance only of the complaint is to be taken by the Court. 
Relying on the Above Hardeep Singh case (supra) Punjab-Haryana High 
Court has held in its latest pronouncement in the case of Aparna Singhal vs the 
State Of Haryana And Anr110 Decided on 20 January 2022, that, “ In respect of 
an offence under the PCPNDT Act, FIR can be registered and investigation 
conducted; however, cognizance can only be taken on the complaint of any of the 
persons as mentioned in Section 28 of the Act.” 
But In the Case Of Dr Amritlal Rohledar, Versus State of 
Chhattisgarh111 High Court Of Chhattisgarh, Bilaspur did not Agree with the 
view taken by  Punjab-Haryana High Court in the Hardeep Singh case (supra).  
The Court said in para 47 
                                               
108 (Criminal Misc. Writ Petition No. 5086 of 2006 Decided on 26/05/2006) 
109 CRM-M- No. 4211 of 2014, 
110 Criminal Misc. No.M-421 of 2021(O&M) Decided on 20 January 2022 
111 Criminal Misc. Petition No.2378 Decided on June17,2019 


=== PAGE 46 ===

 
46 
 
“47. However, in the matter of Hardeep Singh and another v. State of 
Haryana and others, heavily relied upon by the learned State counsel, 
……………With great respect and all humility at my command, I am 
unable to agree with the above view taken by the Punjab and Haryana 
High Court and differ with it respectfully. 
48. Reverting finally to the facts of the present case, it is quite vivid 
that in the present case, offence under Section 23(1) of the PCPNDT 
Act is a cognizable and non-compoundable offence, but a complaint 
can be filed in the manner provided under Section 28 of the Act and 
the entire procedure for scientific investigation and filing of complaint 
has been prescribed under Sections 29 and 30 of the PCPNDT Act and 
the Rules of 1996.  As such, by virtue of the provisions of Section 4 
read with Section 5 of the CrPC, the provisions of the CrPC shall stand 
excluded to   the extent indicated herein-above and the   offence 
under the PCPNDT Act has to be investigated only by the 
appropriate authority appointed under   Section   17(2)   and   
therefore offence under the PCPNDT Act cannot be investigated 
under the provisions of the CrPC by registering   FIR   by the   
Station   House   Officer of   Police   Station concerned.     Therefore, 
no   first   information   report   can   be lodged against the medical 
practitioner including the petitioner herein under Section 23 of the 
PCPNDT Act for the alleged offence said to have been committed 
under the PCPNDT Act.” 
Here, If we go through the Interpretation of the similar provisions of the 
Transplantation of Human Organs Act, 1994 (for short "TOHO") by Hon’ble 
Apex Court in the case of Jeevan Kumar Raut vs. Central Bureau of 
Investigation112, it has been held by the Apex Court in Para 15 &16 that- “15. 
TOHO being a special statute, Section 4 of the Code, which ordinarily would be 
applicable for an investigation into a cognizable offence or the other provisions, 
may not be applicable. Section 4 provides for investigation, inquiry, trial, etc. 
according to the provisions of the Code. Sub-section (2) of Section 4, however, 
specifically provides that offences under any other law shall be investigated, 
inquired into, tried and otherwise dealt with according to the same provisions, but 
subject to any enactment for the time being in force regulating the manner or 
place of investigating, inquiring into, tried or otherwise dealing with such 
offences. TOHO being a special Act and the matter relating to dealing with 
offences thereunder having been regulated by reason of the provisions thereof, 
there cannot be any manner of doubt whatsoever that the same shall prevail 
over the provisions of the Code. 
                                               
112 (AIR 2009 SC 2763) 


=== PAGE 47 ===

 
47 
 
16. The investigation in terms of Section 13(3)(iv) of TOHO, thus, must 
be conducted by an authorised officer. Nobody else could do it. For the 
aforementioned reasons, the officer in charge of the Gurgaon Police Station had 
no other option but to hand over the investigation to the appropriate authority.” 
Thus, as per the similarity of the provisions of TOHO, and the PCPNDT 
Act, we can say that it is only the Appropriate Authority who can investigate the 
matter and can file a complaint before the court. 
The Bombay High Court (Division Bench) in the matter of Dr Sai v. The 
State of Maharashtra and another113 has examined the matter and held that the 
provision in the PCPNDT Act has been engrafted with an object that the 
provisions of the said Act may not be misused and police have been deliberately 
kept out of the purview of initiating prosecution, though the offences are made 
cognizable, non-bailable and non-compoundable by virtue of Section 27 of the 
said Act.   It was further held that the entire process of taking legal action against 
the person violating the provisions of the PCPNDT Act which includes 
investigation   of   complaints   has   been   entrusted to the Appropriate Authority.  
It was also held that in order to empower the Appropriate Authority, the powers to 
summon any person who is in possession of any information relating to violation 
of the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, production of any 
document or material object relating to possession of information relating to such 
violation including the powers of issuance of search warrant etc. are entrusted and 
conferred upon the Appropriate Authority.   In general, the high ranking officers 
from the field of Medical have been notified as an Appropriate Authority to file 
such a complaint.  
The Orissa High Court in the matter of  Ramesh Chandra Naik and 
others v. State of Orissa114, while dealing with a similar issue and while quashing 
the investigation made by the police and the charge sheet filed by the police under 
Sections 23 and 25 of the PCPNDT Act, held as under: 
  “Therefore, the   Appropriate   Authority has been   given 
enormous power in the matter of investigation and also in taking 
appropriate legal action against the   violators of provisions of the 
Act.  The PCPNDT Act is a special enactment. Section 5 of the 
Cr.P.C. provides that where a special or local law provides an 
exclusive procedure for dealing with the offence under that law, 
the provisions of the Cr.P.C. to that extent so provided in the 
special law stands excluded. If a provision is clearly expressed in 
any special law or local law that would be called 'specific   
provisions'. In other words, if the special   Act does   not indicate 
the specific provisions for enquiry into, trial or otherwise dealing 
                                               
113 2016 SCC Online Bom 8812 
114 2018 (II) ILR – CUT – 134 


=== PAGE 48 ===

 
48 
 
with such offences then the procedure of the Code of Criminal 
Procedure would be applicable. Section 4 of Cr.P.C. also makes it 
clear   that if an offence is committed under a special law then the 
provisions of that law would govern the investigation and trial of 
such offence and a police officer is not empowered either to submit 
a charge sheet or otherwise proceed under Chapter-XII of the Crpc.  
The powers under the Cr.P.C. are thus subject to any special 
provisions that might be made with regard to the exercise or 
regulation of those powers by any special Act.” 
The Orissa High Court further held as under - 
“In spite of the right conferred on the police officer in the Code in 
registering the first information report and also investigating a case 
which relates to cognizable offence, in view of the special 
provision in the special Act, lodging of a first information report 
for the commission of an offence under PCPNDT Act and 
submission of charge sheet for such offence is not permissible.  
Cognizance of any offence under the PCPNDT Act can be taken 
by a Court based only on a complaint petition and that too being 
filed by the authorities mentioned in clause (a) of sub-section (1) 
of section 28 or by any person as mentioned in clause (b) of 
sub-section (1) of section 28.   If a complaint petition as envisaged 
under section 28 of the PCPNDT Act is presented before a Court, 
the procedure laid down in Chapter-XV of Cr.P.C. is to be 
followed before issuance of process against the accused.” 
Here, It is pertinent to mention the views of Hon’ble Allahabad High 
Court in the case of Smt. Vimla Shukla V. State Of U.P.115Decided on 
13.5.2019, where the FIR for offences under PCPNDT Act,1994 was directly 
lodged by a private individual, the charge sheet was submitted and cognizance 
was taken by the magistrate. The Hon'ble court observed, “it is a settled principle 
that where the special Act provides for a complaint mechanism as the only 
mechanism to entertain a prosecution, no FIR could have been lodged. In view of 
the above, the criminal prosecution is wholly incurably and inherently defective. 
Accordingly, the present application is allowed and the entire proceeding against 
the applicants in the aforesaid case is hereby quashed.” 
Now, it is very much important to mention here that there are many 
special acts which provide for complaint mechanism as the only mechanism to 
entertain a prosecution, but on several occasions, Hon’ble Apex Court has opined 
that there is no bar in lodging FIR and Investigation of the same by police, such 
bar applies only when the case reaches to the stage of cognizance. In its latest 
                                               
115 APPLICATION U/S 482 No. - 13126 of 2017 Order Date: - 13.5.2019 


=== PAGE 49 ===

 
49 
 
pronouncement Related to the MMDR Act, in the case of  Jayant vs. the State of 
M.P.,116 Hon’ble Apex Court has held,  
“13. After giving our thoughtful consideration in the matter, in the light of 
the relevant provisions of the MMDR Act and the Rules made thereunder vis--à--
vis the Code of Criminal Procedure and the Penal Code, and the law laid down by 
this Court in the cases referred to hereinabove and for the reasons stated 
hereinabove, our conclusions are as under: 
ii. 
the bar under Section 22 of the MMDR Act shall be attracted only when 
the learned Magistrate takes cognizance of the offences under the MMDR 
Act and Rules made thereunder and orders issuance of process/summons 
for the offences under the MMDR Act and Rules made thereunder; 
iii. 
for the commission of the offence under the IPC, on receipt of the police 
report, the Magistrate having jurisdiction can take cognizance of the said 
offence without awaiting the receipt of a complaint that may be filed by 
the authorised officer for taking cognizance in respect of violation of 
various provisions of the MMDR Act and Rules made thereunder; and 
iv. 
that in respect of violation of various provisions of the MMDR Act and 
the Rules made thereunder, when SHO of the police station register/lodge 
the crime case/FIR in respect of the violation of various provisions of the 
Act and Rules made thereunder and thereafter after investigation the 
concerned In-charge of the police station/investigating officer submits a 
report, the same can be sent to the concerned Magistrate as well as to the 
concerned authorised officer as mentioned in Section 22 of the MMDR 
Act and thereafter the concerned authorised officer may file the complaint 
before the learned Magistrate along with the report submitted by the 
concerned investigating officer and thereafter it will be open for the 
learned Magistrate to take cognizance after following due procedure, issue 
process/summons in respect of the violations of the various provisions of 
the MMDR Act and Rules made thereunder and at that stage it can be said 
that cognizance has been taken by the learned Magistrate.” 
But as far as the PCPNDT Act is concerned, a clear verdict of Hon’ble 
Apex Court regarding lodging of FIR is still awaited. In PCPNDT Act appropriate 
authority is vested with the powers to investigate the offences under the act. 
However, if an FIR is registered for the penal provisions of Indian Penal Code 
and for the violation of the provisions of PCPNDT Act & Rules, the Course may 
be adopted as suggested by Hon’ble Apex Court in the case of Jayant vs. the 
State of M.P.117. 
 
************************** 
                                               
116 2021 (2) SCC 670: 
117 2021 (2) SCC 670 


=== PAGE 50 ===

 
50 
 
RELEASE OF PROPERTY SEIZED UNDER PCPNDT ACT 
 
 
PCPNDT Act does not make any specific provision regarding the release 
of the document, equipment or object which has been seized by appropriate 
authority U/s. 30. 
Sec. 30(2) of the PCPNDT Act provide for the applicability of Cr. P.C. It 
clearly says that the provision of Cr.P.C. relating to search and seizure shall so far 
as may be applied to every search or seizure made under this Act. Thus the court 
is competent to exercise all the power under sections 451 to 457 of Cr.P.C. 
pertaining to the release of article seized under the PCPNDT Act. But principally 
the documents and property seized should not be released. Moreover, after the 
charge is being framed against the offenders, their licences are suspended, 
therefore there is no point in releasing the property seized by the appropriate 
authorities. And when the trial is concluded into conviction the property seized 
should be confiscated, while if trial results in acquittal, seized property is either 
released or confiscated as the case may be. 
In the case of Dr. Vandana Ramchandra Patil Vs. The State of 
Maharashtra and Anr,118  Pending criminal trial, the sonography machine was 
sealed and licence suspended. Trial Court allowed the opening of the seal so that 
the sonography machine can be used. Order challenged in the HC. Hon’ble Court 
has held that “crime is repetitive in nature. The sonography machine is the most 
important component. If the seal is opened, the accused is facilitated to repeat the 
offence. Prevention of crime is best achieved by sealing machines. Repetition of 
such crime has to be prevented. Order of opening of seal and release of machine 
cannot be made mechanically. The court must consider the effect and impact of 
such order.” 
The Hon'ble Supreme Court in case of Voluntary Health Association of 
Punjab Vs. Union of India and Others,119 has expressed displeasure while 
examining the data placed by the Union of India and observed at para -7, which 
reads as under:- 
"7.............. We have gone through the chart as well as the data 
made available by various States, which depicts a sorry and an 
alarming state of affairs. Lack of proper supervision and effective 
implementation of the Act by various States are clearly 
demonstrated by the details made available to this Court. However, 
the State of Maharashtra has comparatively a better track record. 
Seldom, the ultrasound machines used for such sex determination 
in violation of the provisions of the Act are seized and, even if 
seized, they are being released to the violators of the law only to 
                                               
118 Cr. Writ Petition No.4399 of 2012 Decided on January 23, 2013. 
119 (2013) 4 SCC 1, 


=== PAGE 51 ===

 
51 
 
repeat the crime. Hardly few cases end in conviction. The cases 
booked under the Act are pending disposal for several years in 
many courts in the country and nobody takes any interest in their 
disposal hence, seldom, do those cases end in conviction and 
sentences, a fact well known to the violators of the law. Many of 
the ultrasonography clinics seldom maintain any record as per 
rules and, in respect of the pregnant women, no records are kept 
for their treatment and the provisions of the Act and the Rules are 
being violated with impunity." 
21. The Hon'ble Supreme Court in case of Voluntary Health Association 
of Punjab (supra) has further given different direction and in respect of seizure, 
the Court has observed at para 9.10, which are as under: - 
"9.10 The authorities concerned should take steps to seize the 
machines which have been used illegally and contrary to the 
provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder and the seized 
machines can also be confiscated under the provisions of the Code 
of Criminal Procedure and be sold, in accordance with the law." 
In the case of Dr A. A. Usman vs State Of Chhattisgarh120 Hon’ble 
Chhattisgarh high court has held that  “Therefore, according to the Act, if the 
records are not maintained, as per the provisions, the presumption will follow that 
the offence is committed unless the accused rebut the presumption. The Court 
also cannot ignore the observations of the Hon'ble Supreme Court since the 
Supreme Court has expressed its displeasure when the ultrasound machines are 
released. Since as has been observed that the machine used in contravention of the 
Act, would be a material object when putting the machine at par with the 
definition of a weapon used in any offence, the same could not be released while 
the criminal case is pending.” 
 
 
************************** 
 
 
                                               
120 (CR.M.P. No. 288 of 2015 decided on 1 October, 2015), 


=== PAGE 52 ===

 
52 
 
INITIATION OF PROSECUTION BEFORE THE COURT 
 
Who can make a complaint before the Court? 
1. The Appropriate Authority concerned;121 
2. Any officer authorised in this behalf by the Central Government or State 
Government or the  Appropriate Authority;122 
3. A person who has given notice of at least 15 days to the Appropriate 
Authority of the alleged offence and of his intention to make a complaint in 
the court i.e. if the Appropriate Authority fails to take action on the 
complaint made by a person, on the lapse of 15 days, that person can 
directly approach the court.123 
 
The complete evidence to be submitted before the Magistrate would include: 
1. A copy of the complaint duly signed and verified; 
2. A statement showing the list of witnesses both witnesses of the search and 
seizure and decoy witnesses; 
3. The report of the search and seizure or commonly called Punchnama; 
4. A copy of all the documents collected; 
5. Statements of witnesses if any; 
6. Most essential would be the complete address of the genetic counselling 
centre, genetic clinic or genetic laboratory; 
7. Authority letter in case of authorised person; 
8. Copy of the notice u/s. 28(1)(b) in case the complainant is not AA, or not 
authorised by the AA. 
 
Note: All the papers, records, statements, evidence, panchnama and other 
material objects attached to the case file shall be in original;124Notifications of 
Government related to the matter shall also be attached with the complaint in 
original form.125  
 Where a complaint has been made under clause (b) of subsection (1) of 
Section 28 by a private person giving 15 days’ notice, the court may, on-demand 
by such person, direct the Appropriate Authority to make available copies of the 
relevant records in its possession to such person126. 
The necessary averments ought to be in the complaint before a person can be 
subjected to the criminal process by way of fastening vicarious liability on him in 
his capacity as director of the company. Those necessary averments are, that the 
                                               
121 (Section 28 (1) (a)) 
122 (Section 28 (1) (a)) 
123 (Section 28 (1) (b)) 
124 Rule 18A(5)(iii) of the PCPNDT Rules 
125 Rule 18-A (5) (ii) 
126 Section 28 (3) 


=== PAGE 53 ===

 
53 
 
Director of the Company was in charge of and responsible for the conduct of the 
business of the company. This case is therefore important for the prosecution to 
act as a guideline while drafting the complaint against the company and its 
directors.127 
 
The options available to a Magistrate on a Complaint made under Section 28 
of PCPNDT Act: - 
1. If the complaint is made by the Appropriate Authority or by any officer 
authorized by Appropriate Authority as specified in section 28 (1) (a) of the 
Act, the Court can take cognizance of the offence and proceed to summon 
the accused (Note: the proviso to section 200 (1) Cr.P.C. will be applicable 
& examination of complainant is not mandatory); 
2. if the complaint is made by a private person or organisation giving 15 days’ 
notice as specified u/s. 28(1)(b), the court will examine the complainant u/s. 
200 Cr.P.C. and may proceed to summon the accused as per section 204 
Cr.PC, if there are sufficient grounds to proceed further.  
3. The court can reject the complaint if it does not disclose the commission of 
any offence. 
4. The Court can postpone the issue of process [and shall, postpone if the 
accused is residing at a place beyond the area in which the court exercises 
its jurisdiction,] and proceed for enquiry u/s.202 Cr.p.c.  
 
 
 
Hon’ble Allahabad high Court has held in Omprakash vs. State of U.P.128 
that,  “the law further imposes a mandate to hold enquiry under Section 202 
Cr.P.C, if the accused is residing at a place beyond the area of exercise of 
jurisdiction of the concerned Magistrate.” 
During inquiry under section 202 Cr.pc the court may order investigation. 
It is also clarified at this stage that calling of investigation report under Chapter 
XV CrPC from the police during enquiry is different with the investigation done 
under Chapter XII CrPC. Under Chapter XV CrPC investigation report is 
submitted only to aid the Magistrate concerned and lodging of F.I.R. at this stage 
is barred as held in Nitin Jaiswal vs State Of U.P. 129.  In the case of National 
Bank of Oman Vs. Barakara Abdul Aziz130  Hon’ble Supreme Court has held 
that, “Investigation under Section 202 CrPC is different from the investigation 
contemplated in Section 156 as it is only for holding the Magistrate to decide 
whether or not there is sufficient ground for him to proceed further”.  
 
*********************** 
                                               
127 S.M.S. Pharmaceutical Ltd. -Vs- Neeta Bhalla 2005 (8) SCC 89 
128 APPLICATION U/S 482 No. - 35542 of 2017(decided on 10 Feb 2021) 
129 5 August, 2019(APPLICATION U/S 482 No. - 25560 of 2019)  
130 2013 (2) SCC 488 


=== PAGE 54 ===

 
54 
 
BAIL OF THE ACCUSED 
 
As for as the bail of the accused is concerned, every offence under this Act 
is made a non-bailable offence by virtue of Section 27 of the Act. It is the 
discretion of the court to accept or reject the bail application as per the facts and 
circumstances of each case. 
Calling for strict implementation of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal 
Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) Act, 1994, the 
Madhya High Court in the case of Rajni Lodhi v. State of Madhya Pradesh131 
recently denied bail to a woman accused of female foeticide.  
 
The Supreme Court by its order dated 21st January 2021 passed in the 
case of Rekha Sengar vs. State of Madhya Pradesh132  denied to accept the plea 
of parity with co-accused and approved the High Court’s order rejecting bail of 
the petitioner. The Court observed as under: 
 “In the present case, contrary to the prevailing practice, the 
investigative team has seized the sonography machine and made 
out a strong prima facie case against the petitioner. Therefore, we 
find it imperative that no leniency should be granted at this stage as 
the same may reinforce the notion that the PC&PNDT Act is only 
a paper tiger and that clinics and laboratories can carry out sex‐ 
determination and feticide with impunity. A strict approach has to 
be adopted if we are to eliminate the scourge of female feticide and 
iniquity towards girl children from our society. Though it certainly 
remains open to the petitioner to disprove the merits of these 
allegations at the stage of the trial. The fact that on 13.10.2020, the 
co-accused in the present case was released on bail by the High 
Court in MCRC No.39380/2020 does not alter our conclusions. 
The allegations in the FIR and the charge sheet, as well the 
disclosure statements made by the petitioner and the co-accused 
under Section 27 of the Indian Evidence Act, 1872, reveal   that 
prima facie, the   petitioner had a   more active role in conducting 
the alleged illegal medical practices of sex determination and 
sex-selective abortion. Whereas the alleged role of the co-accused 
was limited to merely picking up and dropping off the petitioner’s 
clients. Hence, we find no grounds for granting parity with the 
coaccused to the petitioner. Thus, in view of the presence of prima 
facie evidence against the petitioner and other factors as referred to 
supra, we find ourselves compelled to uphold the impugned order 
of the High Court denying bail to the petitioner.” 
                                               
131 MCRC 14729 of 2021 Gwalior, Dated: 31/03/2021 
132 (Special Leave Petition (Criminal) No. 380 of 2021); LL 2021 SC 51 


=== PAGE 55 ===

 
55 
 
In the Case of Dr. Saraswati vs The State Of Maharashtra133  the bail 
of the accused was cancelled and no relief was granted by the Hon’ble Bombay 
High Court regarding bail. In this famous case, the court held: 
“papers of the investigation show that Dr. Mundhe used to cause abortions 
in his hospital and his employees used to destroy foetus by burning the same in 
the field of Dr. Shri. Mundhe. The employees of Dr. Shri. Mundhe have given 
such statements. The statements also show that Mundhe was adopting some 
procedure in such cases and that procedure was started as his permission to use 
the diagnostic technique was cancelled. Every day he used to send his 3-4 such 
cases to the hospital of Dr. Kolhe from Jalgaon in a vehicle. After the 
determination of sex of the foetus in the hospital of Dr. Kolhe, he used to examine 
the patients again and then they used to cause abortion of the foetus. As per the 
record, the centre for abortion was approved in his name in the past, though it was 
cancelled before the incident in question.The statements of two employees 
working in the field of Dr. Shri. Mundhe show that almost every day or every 
alternate day, they were required to destroy by burning the fetuses which were 
brought from the hospital of Dr. Mundhe. The statements show that on 18th Shri. 
Mundhe had come to them personally with the foetus and he had given special 
instructions for burning of foetus. permission of using sonography machine, 
diagnostic techniques of Dr. Kolhe was already cancelled, but Mundhe was 
referring the patients to him. The papers of the investigation show that the record 
as required under MTP Act and PCPNDT Act was not maintained by both these 
hospitals. The aforesaid record and the submissions show that both the applicants 
were causing or aiding for the determination of sex. They were also causing 
abortion illegally in their hospital. There is no question of granting discretionary 
relief in favour of Dr. Shri. Mundhe in view of the aforesaid circumstances. 
Hon'ble Apex Court has refused bail to him in one PCPNDT case. Thus, it is not a 
fit case to grant bail to Dr. Shri. Mundhe. So, the Criminal Application bearing 
No. 1055/2013 needs to be rejected.” 
 
*********************** 
 
 
                                               
133 CRIMINAL APPLICATION NO. 3350 OF 2013 decided on 11 September, 2013 
 


=== PAGE 56 ===

 
56 
 
FRAMING OF CHARGE 
 
Procedure for conducting the trial u/s. 22 and 23 of the Act are that of 
warrant case registered on a complaint otherwise than on police report. Hence 
evidence before framing of charge has to be recorded. After Summoning and 
Appearance of the Accused, pre-charge evidence is to be taken and thereafter 
order regarding the framing of the charge is to be passed. If the charge is being 
framed, post-charge evidence is to be produced by the complainant.  
It is pertinent to mention here that where the accused is a registered 
medical practitioner (Doctor), and a charge under PCPNDT Act is being framed, 
the Court must provide a copy of the charge to the appropriate authorities so that 
the same could be forwarded with the report of Appropriate authority to the State 
Medical Council concerned for taking necessary action including suspension of 
registration of the accused till the case is finally disposed of.134  
In light of the nature of offences that necessitated the enactment of the Act 
and the grave consequences that would ensue otherwise, suspension of 
registration under Section 23(2) of the Act serves as a deterrent. Suspension of 
registration is a step in aid to further the intendment of the act.135 
 
*********************** 
 
 
                                               
134 Sec 23 (2) & Rule 18-A (8) (IV) (a) and as per the views in case of (FOGSI) vs Union of 
India, 2019 SCC Online SC 650. 
135 FOGSI vs Union of India, 2019 SCC Online SC 650. 
 


=== PAGE 57 ===

 
57 
 
APPRECIATION OF EVIDENCE 
 
To have a procedure of trial that is fair and equitable to all the adversarial 
parties is one of the fundamental principles of criminal jurisprudence. In the 
interest of justice, equity, and good conscience, there are certain inalienable 
principles that are laid down; that constitute the basic framework of how the 
justice system works in this area of law. One among these inalienable features of 
the criminal justice system is the principle of ‘Presumption of Innocence’. In 
simplistic terms, an accused brought to trial must be given a fair chance to be 
heard and cannot be presumed to be guilty of a crime till the prosecution can 
prove their guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. In a single line, an accused is 
‘innocent until proven guilty. In the famous case of Woolmington v. Director of 
Public Prosecutions,136 this principle was referred to as ‘golden thread principle 
of criminal law’. The Presumption of Innocence is a recognized principle of 
criminal law in our country. Section 101 and 106 of the Indian Evidence Act of 
1872 talk about the burden of proof, but not whether such burden is upon the 
Prosecution or Defense. However, The Indian Judiciary has recognized 
presumption of Innocence under Article 20 and 21 of the Constitution. 
 
The presumption of innocence is rebutted in two cases – firstly, when 
there is express statutory provision reversing the burden of proof, and secondly, 
when the accused appeals against the judgment of a lower court wherein his 
presumption is that of guilt and not innocence. The most well-known example of 
a reverse onus clause is Dowry Death. In cases of dowry death, the culpable 
mental state of the accused is presumed, imposing a presumption of guilt, instead 
of the usual presumption of innocence. 
Hon’ble Apex Court in the case of P. N. Krishnalal v. Government of 
Kerala137 held that the presumption of innocence is not a constitutional guarantee 
and can be dispensed with by legislative imperatives and action. 
Here in PCPNDT Act, Proviso to Section 4(3) provides reverse burden of 
Proof which reads as follows: 
“Provided that the person conducting ultrasonography on a pregnant 
woman shall keep complete record thereof in the clinic in such manner, as may be 
prescribed, and any deficiency or inaccuracy found therein shall amount to 
contravention of provisions of section 5 or section 6 unless contrary is proved by 
the person conducting such ultrasonography;” 
Likewise, section 24 provide for presumption of abatement which reads as 
follows: 
“Notwithstanding anything contained in the Indian Evidence Act, 1872, 
the court shall presume unless the contrary is proved that the pregnant woman 
                                               
136 [1935] UKHL 1 
137 1995 SCC (Cri) 466. 


=== PAGE 58 ===

 
58 
 
was compelled by her husband or any other relative, as the case may be, to 
undergo pre-natal diagnostic technique for the purposes other than those specified 
in sub-section (2) of section 4 and such person shall be liable for abetment of 
offence under sub-section (3) of section 23 and shall be punishable for the offence 
specified under that section.” 
 
 
In the case of Dr. A. A. Usman vs State Of Chhattisgarh138 
Hon’ble Chhattisgarh high court has held that  “Therefore, according to the Act, if 
the records are not maintained, as per the provisions, the presumption will follow 
that the offence is committed unless the accused rebut the presumption.” 
In the case of (FOGSI) vs Union of India,139 Hon’ble Supreme Court has 
held that, “there can be a legislative provision for imposing burden of proof in 
reverse order relating to gender justice.  In the light of prevalent violence against 
women and children, the Legislature has   enacted   various   Acts, and   amended   
existing   statutes, reversing   the   traditional   burden   of   proof.   Some   
examples   of reversed burden of proof in statutes include Sections 29 and 30 of 
the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act in   which   there   
is   presumption   regarding   commission   and abetment of certain offences under 
the Act, and presumption of mental state of the accused respectively. In Sections 
113-A and 113-B of the Indian Evidence Act there is presumption regarding 
abetment of suicide and dowry death and in Section 114A of the Indian   
Evidence   Act   there   is   presumption   of   absence   of consent of prosecutrix 
in offence of rape. These provisions are a clear indication of the seriousness with   
which   crimes   against   women   and   children   have   been viewed   by   the   
Legislature. It is also evident from these provisions that due to the pervasive 
nature of these crimes, the Legislature has deemed it fit to employ a reversed 
burden of proof in these cases. The presumption in the proviso to Section 4(3) of 
the PCPNDT Act has to be viewed in this light. The Act is a social welfare 
legislation, which was conceived in   light   of   the   skewed   sex-ratio   of   India   
and   to   avoid   the consequences of the same. The   rigorous implementation of 
the Act is an edifice on which rests the task of saving the girl child.” 
Hon’ble Gujarat High Court in the case of Suo Motu vs State of Gujrat,140 
has held that,  
“In a case based upon allegation of deficiency or inaccuracy in 
maintenance of record in the prescribed manner as required under 
sub-section (3) of Section 4 of the PNDT Act, the burden to prove 
that there was a contravention of the provisions of Section 5 or 6 
does not lie upon the prosecution. 
Deficiency or inaccuracy in filling Form F prescribed under Rule 9 
of the Rules made under the PNDT Act, being a deficiency or 
                                               
138 CR.M.P. No. 288 of 2015 decided on 1 October, 2015 
139 2019 SCC Online SC 650 
140 2009 Cr. LJ 721(FB) 


=== PAGE 59 ===

 
59 
 
inaccuracy in keeping record in the prescribed manner, it is not a 
procedural lapse but an independent offence amounting to the 
contravention of the provisions of section 5 or 6 of the PNDT Act 
and has to be treated and tried accordingly. It does not, however, 
mean that each inaccuracy or deficiency in maintaining the 
requisite record may be as serious as a violation of the provisions 
of section 5 or 6 of the Act and the Court would be justified, while 
imposing punishment upon conviction, in taking a lenient view in 
cases of only technical, formal or insignificant lapses in filling up 
the forms. For example, not maintaining the record of conducting 
ultrasonography on a pregnant woman at all or filling up incorrect 
particulars may be taken in all seriousness as if the provisions of 
section 5 or 6 were violated, but incomplete details of the full 
name and address of the pregnant woman may be treated leniently 
if her identity and address were otherwise mentioned in a manner 
sufficient to identify and trace her.” 
 
The proviso to sub-sec. (3) of Sec. 4 is crystal clear about the 
maintenance of the record in a prescribed manner being an 
independent offence amounting to a violation of Secs. 5 or 6 and, 
therefore, the complaint need not necessarily also allege the 
violation of the provisions of Secs. 5 or 6 of the Act. A rebuttable 
presumption of violation of the provisions of Secs. 5 or 6 will 
arise on proof of deficiency or inaccuracy in maintaining the 
record in the prescribed manner and equivalence with those 
provisions would arise for punishment as well as for disproving 
their violation by the accused person. That being the scheme of 
these provisions, it would be wholly inappropriate to quash the 
complaint leging inaccuracy or deficiency in the maintenance of 
the prescribed record only on the ground that violation of Secs. 5 
or 6 of the Act was not alleged or made out in the complaint. It 
would also be improper and premature to expect or allow the 
person accused of inaccuracy or deficiency in maintenance of the 
relevant record to show or prove that provisions of Secs. 5 or 6 
were not violated by him, before the deficiency or inaccuracy were 
established in Court by the prosecuting agency or before the 
authority concerned in other proceedings.”141 
 
                                               
141 Suo Motu vs State of Gujrat,2009 Cr.LJ 721(FB) 


=== PAGE 60 ===

 
60 
 
In the case of M/s Seema Silk and Sarees v. Directorate of 
Enforcement142it was observed- 
“Reverse burden as also statutory presumptions can be raised in several 
statutes as, for example, the Negotiable Instruments Act, Prevention of Corruption 
Act, TADA, etc. Presumption is raised only when certain foundational facts are 
established by the prosecution. The accused in such an event would be entitled to 
show that he has not violated the provisions of the Act.” 
 
 
*********************** 
 
 
 
                                               
142 SLP (Criminal) No. 6812 of 2007 


=== PAGE 61 ===

 
61 
 
RELEVANT EXCERPTS FROM CASE LAW 
 
IN THE HIGH COURT OF BOMBAY  
Vinod Soni & Anr. v. Union of India 2005 Cri LJ 3408 (Bom) V.G. 
Palshikar and V.C. Daga, JJ.  
This writ petition was filed by a married couple challenging the 
constitutionality of the PCPNDT Act on the ground that it violates their 
personal liberty to choose the sex of their offspring and determine the nature of 
their family. The Bombay High Court examined whether the PCPNDT Act, by 
placing a bar on sex determination and sex selection, violates their right to life 
and personal liberty under Article 21 of the Indian Constitution. 
Palshikar, J.: “By this petition, the petitioners who are married couple, seek to 
challenge the constitutional validity of Preconception and Prenatal Diagnostic 
Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act of 1994 (hereinafter referred to Sex 
Selection Act of 1994). The petition contains basically two challenges to the 
enactment. First, it violates Article 14 of the Constitution and second, that it 
violates Article 21 of the Constitution of India. At the time of argument, the 
learned counsel appearing for the petitioners submitted that he does not press his 
petition insofar as the challenge via Article 14 of the Constitution of India is 
concerned.  
2. We are, therefore, required to consider the challenge that the provisions of Sex 
Selection Act of 1994 are violative of Article 21 of the Constitution of India…  
3. …Article 21, according to the learned counsel has been gradually expanded to 
cover several facets of life pertaining to life itself and personal liberties which an 
individual has, as a matter of his fundamental right. Reliance was placed on 
several judgments of the Supreme Court of India to elaborate the submission 
regarding expansion of right to live and personal liberty embodied under Article 
21, in (sic) our opinion, firstly we deal with protection of life and protection of 
personal liberty. Insofar as protection of life is concerned, it must of necessity 
include the question of terminating a life. This enactment basically prohibits 
termination of life which has come into existence. It also prohibits sex selection at 
pre-conception stage. The challenge put in nutshell is that the personal liberty of a 
citizen of India includes the liberty of choosing the sex of the offspring. 
Therefore, he, or she is entitled to undertake any such medicinal procedure which 
provides for determination or selection of sex, which may come into existence 
after conception. The submission is that the right to personal liberty extends to 
such selection being made in order to determine the nature of family which an 
individual can have in exercise of liberty guaranteed by Article 21. It in turn 
includes nature of sex of that family which he or she may eventually decided (sic) 
to have and/or develop.  
4. Reliance was placed, as already stated, on several judgments of the Supreme 
Court of India on the enlargement of the right embodied under Article 21…  


=== PAGE 62 ===

 
62 
 
5. … These rights even if further expanded to the extremes of the possible 
elasticity of the provisions of Article 21 cannot include right to selection of sex 
whether preconception or post conception. 
6. The Article 21 is now said to govern and hold that it is a right of every child to 
full development. The enactment namely Sex Selection Act of 1994 is factually 
enacted to further this right under Article 21, which gives to every child right to 
full development. A child conceived is therefore entitled to under Article 21, as 
held by the Supreme Court, to full development whatever be the sex of that child. 
The determination whether at preconception stage or otherwise is the denial of a 
child, the right to expansion, or if it can be so expanded right to come into 
existence. Apart from that the present legislation is confined only to prohibit 
selection of sex of the child before or after conception. The tests which are 
available as of today and which can incidentally result in determination of the sex 
of the child are prohibited. The statement of objects and reasons makes this clear. 
The statement reads as under. 
 “The pre-natal diagnostic techniques like amniocentesis and sonography are 
useful for the detection of genetic or chromosomal disorders or congenital 
malformations or sex linked disorders.” 
Then para 4 reads thus: 
“Accordingly, it is proposed to amend the aforesaid Act with a view to banning 
the use of both sex selection techniques prior to conception as well as the misuse 
of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for sex selective abortions and to regulate such 
techniques with a view to ensuring their scientific use for which they are 
intended.” 
7. It will thus be observed that the enactment proposes to control and ban the use 
of this selection technique both prior to conception as well as its misuse after 
conception and it does not totally ban these procedures or tests. If we notice 
provisions of section 4 of the Act it gives permission in when any of these tests 
can be administered. Sub-section (2) says that no prenatal diagnostic techniques 
can be conducted except for the purposes of detection of any of the (1) 
chromosomal 
abnormalities, 
(2) 
genetic 
metabolic 
diseases, 
(3) 
heamoglobinopathies, (4) sex-linked genetic diseases, (5) congenital anomalies 
and (6) any other abnormalities or diseases as may be specified by the Central 
Supervisory Board. Thus, the enactment permits such tests if they are necessary to 
avoid abnormal child coming into existence. 
 8. Apart from that such cases are permitted as mentioned in sub-clause (3) of 
section 4 where certain dangers to the pregnant woman are noticed. A perusal of 
those conditions which are five and which can be added to the four, existence on 
which is provided by the Act. It will therefore be seen that the enactment does not 
bring about total prohibition of any such tests. It intends to thus prohibit user and 
indiscriminate user of such tests to determine the sex at preconception stage or 
post-conception stage. The right to life or personal liberty cannot be expanded to 


=== PAGE 63 ===

 
63 
 
mean that the right of personal liberty includes the personal liberty to determine 
the sex of a child which may come into existence. The conception is a physical 
phenomenon. It need not take place on copulation of every capable male and 
female. Even if both are competent and healthy to give birth to a child, conception 
need not necessarily follow. That being a factual medical position, claiming right 
to choose the sex of a child which is come into existence as a right to do or not to 
do something which cannot be called a right. The right to personal liberty cannot 
expand by any stretch of imagination, to liberty to prohibit coming into existence 
of a female foetus or male foetus which shall be for the Nature to decide. To 
claim a right to determine the existence of such foetus or possibility of such foetus 
come into existence, is a claim of right which may never exist. Right to bring into 
existence a life in future with a choice to determine the sex of that life cannot in 
itself to be a right. In our opinion, therefore, the petition does not make even a 
prima facie case for violation of Article 21 of the Constitution of India. Hence it is 
dismissed…” 
 
IN THE HIGH COURT OF BOMBAY 
Vijay Sharma & Anr. v. Union of India 
AIR 2008 Bom 29 
Swatanter Kumar, C.J. and Ranjana Desai, J. 
In this writ petition challenging the constitutionality of PCPNDT Act, the 
petitioners contended that couples having children of same sex should be 
allowed to use preconception and prenatal diagnostic techniques to have a child 
of the opposite sex, in order to balance their family. They further argued that 
PCPNDT Act was discriminatory as it did not account for the mental injury 
caused to pregnant women carrying a female foetus or a male foetus for the 
second time, while the MTP Act allowed pregnant women to terminate their 
unwanted pregnancies. The Bombay High Court examined whether the 
provisions of PCPNDT Act violated the right to equality under Article 14 of 
theIndian Constitution. 
Desai, J.: “In this petition filed under Article 226 of the Constitution of India, the 
petitioners have challenged the constitutional validity of Sections 2, 3-A, 4(5) and 
6(c) of the Pre-Conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of 
Sex Selection) Act, 1994 (for short, “the said Act”) as amended by The Pre-Natal 
Diagnostic Techniques. (Regulation of Prevention of Misuse Amendment Act, 
2002 (for short, “the Amendment Act, 2002)).  
2. Before dealing with the contentions raised in the petition, it must be stated that 
challenge to the constitutional validity of the said Act on the ground of violation 
of Article 21 of the Constitution of India has been rejected by this Court in Vinod 
Soni v. Union of India, 2005 (3) MLJ 1131 : (2005 Cri LJ 3408). It is not open to 
the petitioners to raise the same challenge again. We shall, therefore, only deal 


=== PAGE 64 ===

 
64 
 
with the petitioner's contention that the said Act violates the principle of equality 
of law enshrined in Article 14 of the Constitution of India 
3. The petitioners are a married couple having two female children. It is their case 
as disclosed in the petition that they are desirous of expanding their family 
provided they are in a position to select the sex of the child. It is obvious from the 
petition that the petitioners are desirous of having a male child. According to 
them, they can then enjoy the love and affection of both, son and daughter 
simultaneously and their existing children can enjoy the company of their own 
brother while growing up if they are allowed to select sex of their child and have a 
son. The petitioners have approached various clinics for treatment for the 
selection of the sex of the foetus by pre-natal diagnostic techniques. However, all 
clinics have denied treatment to them on the ground that it is prohibited under the 
said Act.  
4. According to the petitioners, they have no intention to misuse the pre-natal 
diagnostic techniques. They contend that they are financially sound and capable 
of looking after and brining (sic) up one more child. They cannot be treated on par 
with other couples, who in order to have a male child, indulge in sex selective 
abortion. The provisions of the said Act cannot be made applicable without 
distinction. According to the petitioners, they only want to balance their family. 
They contend that a married couple, who is already having child belonging to one 
sex should be permitted to make use of the prenatal diagnostic techniques to have 
a child of the sex which is opposite to the sex of their existing child. In fact, ideal 
ratio of females to males can be maintained if the prenatal diagnostic techniques 
are allowed to be used. Burden of the song (sic) is that couples who are already 
having children of one sex should be allowed to have a child of the sex opposite 
to the sex of their existing children by use of the pre-natal diagnostic techniques at 
pre-conception stage…… 
7. It is necessary to quote Section 2 of the Amendment Act, 2002 and Sections 3-
A, 4(5) and 6(c) of the said Act as inserted by the Amendment Act since the 
constitutional validity of the said provisions is under challenge. Section 2 of the 
Amendment Act, 2002 reads thus: 
 “2. Substitution of long title. — In the Prenatal Diagnostic Techniques 
(Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) Act, 1994 (hereinafter referred to as the 
principal Act), for the long title, the following long title shall be substitute, 
namely:—  
“An Act to provide for the prohibition of sex selection, before or after conception, 
and for regulation of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for the purposes of detecting 
genetic abnormalities or metabolic disorders or chromosomal abnormalities or 
certain congenital malformations or sex-linked disorders and for the prevention of 
their misuse for sex determination leading to female foeticide and for matter 
connected therewith or incidental thereto.” 
 Sections 3-A, 4(5) and 6(c) of the said Act read thus:  


=== PAGE 65 ===

 
65 
 
“3. Regulation of Genetic Counselling Centers, Genetic Laboratories and Genetic 
Clinics. — On and from the commencement of this Act,—  
(1) to (3) xxxxxxxxx  
((3-A) Prohibition of sex selection. — No person, including a specialist or a team 
of specialists in the field of infertility, shall conduct or cause to be conducted or 
aid in conducting by himself or by any other person, sex selection on a woman or 
a man or on both or on any tissue, embryo, conceptus, fluid or gametes derived 
from either or both of them).  
(4) Regulation of pre-natal diagnostic techniques. — On and from the 
commencement of this Act,—  
(1) to (4) xxxxxxxxx  
(5) no person including a relative or husband of a woman shall seek or encourage 
the conduct of any sex-selection technique on her or him or both.  
(6) Determination of sex prohibited. — On and from the commencement of this 
Act,—  
(a) xxxxxxxxx  
(b) xxxxxxxxx  
(c) no person shall, by whatever means, cause or allow to be caused selection of 
sex before or after conception.” 
8. It is necessary to first deal with the submission that the use of the words 
“Regulation & Prevention of Misuse” in the Amendment Act, 2002 is indicative 
of the legislative intent only to regulate and prevent misuse because these words 
substitute the words “Prohibition of Sex Selection” in the said Act. This, in our 
opinion, is a totally fallacious argument.The title of the earlier Act was the Pre-
natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) Act, 1994 
(for short, “the 1994 Act”). It's long title prior to its amendment by the 
Amendment Act, 2002 was as under:  
1. Substituted by the Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and Prevention 
of Misuse) Amendment Act, 2002 (14 of 2003, S. 2, for long title (w.e.f. 14-2-
2003). Prior to its substitution, long title read as under:— “An Act to provide for 
the regulation of the use of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for the purpose of 
detecting genetic or metabolic disorders or chromosomal abnormalities or certain 
congenital mal-formations or sex linked disorders and for the prevention of the 
misuse of such techniques for the purpose of pre-natal sex determination leading 
to female foeticide; and, for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto.” 
By the Amendment Act, 2002, it was substituted by the following long 
title: 
“An Act to provide for the prohibition of sex selection, before or after 
conception, and for regulation of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for the purposes 
of detecting genetic abnormalities or metabolic disorders or chromosomal 
abnormalities or certain congenital malformations or sex-linked disorders and for 


=== PAGE 66 ===

 
66 
 
the prevention of their misuse for sex determination leading to female foeticide 
and formatters connected therewith or incidental thereto.” 
9. By the Amendment Act, 2002, the 1994 Act i.e. the Pre-natal 
Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation & Prevention of Misuse) Act was renamed as 
the said Act i.e. the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques 
(Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 1994. The Statement of Objects and Reasons 
of the Amendment Act, 2002 must be quoted. It reads thus: 
“Amendment Act 14 of 2003—Statement of Object and Reasons. — The 
Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) Act, 
1994 seeks to prohibit pre-natal diagnostic techniques for determination of sex of 
the foetus leading to female foeticide. During, recent years, certain inadequacies 
and practical difficulties in the administration of the said Act have come to the 
notice of the Government, which has necessitated amendments in the said Act. 
2. The pre-natal diagnostic techniques like amniocentesis and sonography are 
useful for the detention of genetic or chromosomal disorders or congenital 
malformations or sex linked disorders, etc. However, the amniocentesis and 
sonography are being used on a large scale to detect the sex of the foetus and to 
terminate the pregnancy of the unborn child if found to be female. Techniques are 
also being developed to select the sex of child before conception. These practices 
and techniques are considered discriminatory to the females (sic) sex and not 
conductive to the dignity of the women. 
3. The proliferation of the technologies mentioned above may, in future, 
precipitate a catastrophe, in the form of severe imbalance in male-female ratio. 
The State is also duty bound to Intervene (sic) in such matters to uphold the 
welfare of the society, especially of the women and children. It as (sic), therefore, 
necessary to enact and implement in letter and spirit a legislation to ban the pre-
conception sex selection techniques and the misuse of pre-natal diagnostic 
techniques for sex-selective abortions and to provide for the regulation of such 
abortions. Such a law is also needed to uphold medical ethics and initiate the 
process of regulation of medical technology in the larger interests of the society. 
4. Accordingly, it is proposed to amend the aforesaid Act with a view to banning 
the use of both sex selection techniques prior to conception as well as the misuse 
of prenatal diag-nostic (sic) techniques for sex selective abortions and to regulate 
such techniques with a view to ensuring their scientific use for which they are 
intended. 
5. The Bill seeks to achieve the aforesaid objects.” 
10. The Statement of Objects and Reasons of the Amendment Act, 2002 therefore 
clearly indicates that the legislature was alarmed at the severe imbalance created 
in the male to female ratio on account of rampant use of the pre-natal diagnostic 
techniques made to detect sex of the foetus and to terminate the pregnancy of the 
unborn child if found to be female. The legislature took note of the fact that 
certain techniques are being developed whereby even at preconception stage, sex 


=== PAGE 67 ===

 
67 
 
of the child can be selected and, therefore, the title of the 1994 Act was amended 
to include the words “Preconception” and “(Prohibition of Sex Selection)” in it. 
The legislature categorically stated that there was a need to ban pre-conception 
sex selective techniques and made it clear that the 1994 Act was sought to be 
amended with a view to banning the use of sex selection techniques prior to 
conception and as well as misuse of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for sex 
selective abortions. 
 
11. A look at certain important provisions of the said Act persuade us to reject the 
submission of the petitioners that the legislative intent is to only regulate the use 
of the said pre-natal diagnostic techniques. “Prenatal diagnostic procedures” 
are defined under Section 2(1) of the said Act as all gynaecological or obstetrical 
of medical procedures such as ultrasonography, foetoscopy, taking or removing 
samples of amniotic fluid, chorionic villi, embryo blood or any other tissue or 
fluid of a man or of a woman before or after conception, for being sent to a 
Genetic Laboratory or Genetic Clinic for conducting any type of analysis or pre-
natal diagnostic tests for selection of sex before or after conception. 
12. “Pre-natal diagnostic test” is defined under Section 2(k) of the said Act as 
ultrasonography or any test or analysis of amniotic fluid, chorionic, villi, blood or 
any tissue or fluid of a pregnant woman or conceptus conducted to detect genetic 
or metabolic disorders or chromosomal abnormalities or congenital anomalies or 
haemoglobin-opathies or sex-linked diseases. 
13. Section 2(j) defines pre-natal diagnostic techniques. It states that pre-natal 
diagnostic techniques include all prenatal diagnostic procedures and pre-natal 
diagnostic tests. Pre-natal diagnostic techniques (for convenience, hereinafter 
referred to as “the said techniques”) can detect the sex of the foetus. Section 3-A 
prohibits sex selection on a woman or a man or on both of them or on any tissue 
embryo, conceptus, fluid or gametes derived from either or both of them and 
Section 4 regulates use of the said techniques. Section 4(2) states that the said 
techniques shall not be conducted except for the purpose of detection of (i) 
chromosomal abnormalities; (ii) genetic metabolic diseases; (iii) heamoglobin-
opathies; (iv) sex linked genetic diseases; (v) congenital anomalies or any other 
abnormalities or diseases as may be specified by the Central Supervisory Board 
that too on fulfillment of any of the conditions laid down in sub-section (3). Thus 
the said techniques are to be used only to detect abnormalities in the foetus and 
not for sex-selection or sex-selective abortions Section 5(2) states that no person 
including the person conducting pre-natal procedures shall communicat (sic) to 
the pregnant woman concerned or her relatives or any other person the sex of the 
foetus by words, signs or in any other manner. Section 6(c) prohibits 
determination of sex by stating that no person shall, by whatever means, cause or 
allow to be caused selection of sex before or after conception. 


=== PAGE 68 ===

 
68 
 
14. Under the said Act machinery is created to ensure that there is no sex selection 
at pre-conception stage or thereafter and there is no pre-natal determination of sex 
of foetus leading to female foeticide. Therefore, the submission that the use of the 
said techniques is only intended to be regulated, must be rejected. 
15. The challenge on the ground of violation of Article 14 rests on the comparison 
between the said Act and the MTP Act which are Central Acts. In our opinion, the 
object of both the Acts and the mischief they seek to prevent differ. They cannot 
be compared to canvass violation of Article 14. We have already quoted the 
Statement of Objects and Reasons of the Amendment Act, 2002. What it seeks to 
ban is pre-conception sex selection techniques and use of pre-natal diagnostic 
techniques for sex-selective abortions. Having taken note of the alarming 
imbalance created in male to female ratio and steep rise in female foeticide 
legislature has amended the Act of 1994. It, inter alia, prohibits sex selection on a 
woman or a man or on both or on any tissue, embryo, conceptus, fluid or gamest 
(sic) derived from either or both of them. It prohibits any person to cause or 
allowed to be caused selection of sex before or after conception. 
16. The MTP Act is an Act to provide for the termination of certain pregnancies 
by registered medical practitioners and for matters connected therewith or 
incidental thereto. Statement of Objects and Reasons of the MTP Act indicates 
that it concerns itself with the avoidable wastage of the mother's health, strength 
and sometimes life. It seeks to liberalize certain existing preovisions relating to 
termination pregnancy as a health measure — when there is danger to the life or 
risk to physical or mental health of the woman, on humanitarian grounds — such 
as when pregnancy arises from a sex crime like rape or intercourse with a 
mentally ill woman, etc. and eugenic grounds — where there is substantial risk 
that the child, if born, would suffer from deformities and diseases. It does not deal 
with sex selective abortion after conception of sex selection before or after 
conception. 
17. It is true that under Section 3(2) of the MTP Act, when two registered medical 
practitioners form an opinion that continuance of the pregnancy would involve a 
risk to the life of the pregnant woman or grave injury to her physical or mental 
health, pregnancy can be terminated and, under Explanation II thereof, where any 
pregnancy occurs as a result of a failure of a devise used by the couple for the 
purpose of limiting the number of children, the anguish caused by such unwanted 
pregnancy is presumed to constitute a grave injury to the mental health of the 
woman. It must be remembered that termination of pregnancy under the MTP Act 
is not promoted because of the unwanted sex of the foetus. It could be a male or a 
female foetus. The MTP Act does not deal with sex selection, The (sic) petitioners 
want to equate the situation of a prospective mother under the MTP Act with the 
prospective mother under the said Act. They contend that anguish caused to a 
woman who is carrying a second or third child of the same sex as that of her 
existing children and who is desirous of having a child of the opposite sex also 


=== PAGE 69 ===

 
69 
 
constitutes a grave injury to her mental health. According to the petitioners, this 
aspect has been overlooked by the legislature. They contend that an exception 
ought to have been carved out for such women. It is their contention that 
inasmuch as both these Acts are Central Acts and deal with prospective mothers if 
by MTP Act certain rights are conferred on a prospective mother, the same cannot 
be denied to the prospective mother by the said Act. We are unable to accept this 
submission. Apart from the fact that both the Acts operate in different fields and 
have different objects acceptance of the submissions of the learned counsel would 
frustrate the object of the said Act. A prospective mother who does not want to 
bear a child of a particular sex cannot be equated with a mother who wants to 
terminate the pregnancy not because of the foetus of the child but because of other 
circumstances laid down under the MTP Act. To treat her anguish as injury to 
mental health is to encourage sex selection which is not permissible. Therefore, 
by process of comparative study, the provisions of the said Act cannot be called 
discriminatory and, hence, violative of Article 14. 
18. It is well settled that when a law is challenged as offending against the 
guarantee enshrined in Article 14, the first duty of the Court is to examine the 
purpose and the policy of the Act and then to discover whether the classification 
made by the law has a reasonable relation to the object which the legislature seeks 
to obtain. The purpose or object of the Act is to be ascertained from an 
examination of its' title, preamble and provisions. We have done that exercise in 
the preceding paragraphs and we are of the considered opinion that the said Act 
does not violate the equality clause of the Constitution. 
… 
20. That there is decline in the number of girls is not seriously disputed by the 
petitioners. According to them, the imbalance is caused by the couples who have 
no children and who by using the said techniques choose male child. In our 
opinion, no such distinction is permissible. It cannot be denied that in India there 
is strong bias in favour of a male child. Various causes have led to this preference. 
It is felt that son carries the name of the family forward and only he can perform 
religious rites at the time of cremation of the parents. Sons are said to provide 
support in the old age. Several socioeconomic and cultural factors are responsible 
for this craving for a son. It is unfortunate that people should still be under the 
influence of such outdated notions. As long as such notions exist, the girl child 
will always be unwanted because it is felt that she brings with her the burden of 
dowry. These hard realities will have to be kept in mind while dealing with the 
challenge raised to the constitutional validity of a statute which tries to ban sex 
selection before or after preconception and misuse of the said techniques leading 
to sex selective abortions. None can be allowed to use the said techniques for sex 
selection. The justification offered by the petitioners is totally unacceptable to us. 
… 


=== PAGE 70 ===

 
70 
 
22. …We have no doubt that if the use of the said techniques for sex selection is 
not banned, there will be unprecedented imbalance in male to female ratio and 
that will have disastrous effect on the society. The said Act must, therefore, be 
allowed to achieve its avowed object of preventing sex selection. In our opinion, 
the provisions of the said Act which are sought to be declared unconstitutional are 
neither arbitrary nor unreasonable and are not violative of Article 14. 
23. It is then submitted that by sex selection before conception with the help of 
the said techniques, sex of the child is determined by using male/female 
chromosome before fertilization and the fertilized egg is inserted in the womb of 
the mother. There is, therefore, no foeticide and, hence it is not necessary to 
impose any ban on the said techniques. 
24. It is not possible to accept this submission. Techniques like sonography which 
are useful-for the detection of genetic or chromosomale (sic) disorders or 
congenital malformations are being used to detect the sex of the foetus and to 
terminate the pregnancy in case the foetus is female. Similarly, preconception sex 
selection techniques which have now been developed make sex selection before 
conception possible. If prior to conception by choosing male or female 
chromosome sex of the child is allowed to be determined and fertilized egg is 
allowed to be inserted in the mother's womb that would again give scope to 
choose male child over female child. In such cases, even if it is assumed that there 
is no female foeticide, indirectly the same result is achieved. The whole idea 
behind sex selection before preconception is to go against the nature and secure 
conception of a child of one's choice. It can prevent birth of a female child. It is as 
bad as foeticide. It will also result in Imbalance in male to female ratio. The 
argument that sex selection at pre-conception is an innocent act must, therefore, 
be rejected. 
25. We have so far laid stress on the possibility of severe imbalance in male to 
female ratio on account of artificial reduction in the number of female children 
caused by the use of the said, techniques. But there is yet another and more 
important fact of this problem That society should not want a girl child that efforts 
should be made to prevent the birth of a girl child and that society should given 
preference to a male child over a girl child is a matter of grave concern.Such 
tendency offends dignity of women. It undermines their importance. It violates 
woman's right to life. It violates Article 39(e) of the Constitution which states the 
principle of state policy that the health and strength of women is not to be abused. 
It ignores Article 51A(e) of the Constitution which state that it shall be the duty of 
every citizen of India to renounce practices derogatory to the dignity of women. 
Sex selection is therefore against the spirit of the Constitution. It insults and 
humiliates woman hood. This is perhaps the greatest argument in favour of total 
ban on sex selection. 
26. We are of the considered opinion that the provisions of the said Act as 
amended by the Amendment Act, 2002 are clear, unambiguous and in tune with 


=== PAGE 71 ===

 
71 
 
their avowed object. There is no uncertainty in any of the provisions as alleged in 
the petition. Therefore, it is not necessary for the Central Government to issue any 
order in the Official Gazette under Section 31-A of the said Act for removal of 
difficulties on the grounds stated in the petition. This submission of the petitioners 
is, therefore rejected. …” 
 
IN THE SUPREME COURT OF INDIA 
Voluntary Health Association of Punjab v. Union of India & Ors. 
(2013) 4 SCC 1 
K.S.P. Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra, JJ. 
The Supreme Court had in a series of cases, issued directions for the effective 
implementation of the PCPNDT Act. However, the orders of the Court, as also 
the provisions of the Act were not being effectively implemented by a number of 
State Governments. In this case, the Court issued notice to the State 
Governments seeking their response on the implementation of the Act, and of 
the orders of the Court. 
Radhakrishnan, J.: “Indian society's discrimination towards the female child still 
exists due to various reasons which has its roots in the social behaviour and 
prejudices against the female child and, due to the evils of the dowry system, still 
prevailing in the society, in spite of its prohibition under the Dowry Prohibition 
Act. The decline in the female child ratio all over the country leads to an 
irresistible conclusion that the practice of eliminating female foetus by the use of 
pre-natal diagnostic techniques is widely prevalent in this country. Complaints are 
many, where at least few of the medical professionals do perform sex selective 
abortion having full knowledge that the sole reason for abortion is because it is a 
female foetus… 
2. Parliament wanted to prevent the same and enacted the Pre-Conception and 
Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 1994 (for 
short “the Act”) which has its roots in Article 15(2) of the Constitution of India. 
The Act is a welfare legislation…Unfortunately, facts reveal that perpetrators of 
the crimes also belong to the educated middle class and often they do not perceive 
the gravity of the crime. 
3. This Court, as early as, in 2001 in Centre for Enquiry into Health and Allied 
Themes v. Union of India [(2001) 5 SCC 577] had noticed the misuse of the Act 
and gave various directions for its proper implementation. The non-compliance 
with various directions was noticed by this Court again in Centre for Enquiry into 
Health and Allied Themes v. Union of India [(2003) 8 SCC 398] and this Court 
gave various other directions. 
4. Having noticed that those directions as well as the provisions of the Act are not 
being properly implemented by the various States and Union Territories, we 
passed an order on 8-1-2013 [Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, 
(2013) 4 SCC 401] directing personal appearance of the Health Secretaries of the 


=== PAGE 72 ===

 
72 
 
States of Punjab, Haryana, NCT of Delhi, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and 
Maharashtra, to examine what steps they have taken for the proper and effective 
implementation of the provisions of the Act as well as the various directions 
issued by this Court. 
5. We notice that even though the Union of India has constituted the Central 
Supervisory Board and most of the States and Union Territories have constituted 
State Supervisory Boards, Appropriate Authorities, Advisory Committees, etc. 
under the Act, but their functioning are far from satisfactory. 
6. The 2011 Census of India, published by the Office of the Registrar General and 
Census Commissioner of India, would show a decline in female child sex ratio in 
many States of India from 2001-2011. The Annual Report on Registration of 
Births and Deaths, 2009, published by the Chief Registrar of NCT of Delhi would 
also indicate a sharp decline in the female sex ratio in almost all the districts. 
Above statistics is an indication that the provisions of the Act are not properlyand 
effectively being implemented. There has been no effective supervision or follow-
up action so as to achieve the object and purpose of the Act. Mushrooming of 
various sonography centres, genetic clinics, genetic counselling centres, genetic 
laboratories, ultrasonic clinics, imaging centres in almost all parts of the country 
calls for more vigil and attention by the authorities under the Act. But, 
unfortunately, their functioning is not being properly monitored or supervised by 
the authorities under the Act or to find out whether they are misusing the pre-natal 
diagnostic techniques for determination of sex of foetus leading to foeticide. 
7. The Union of India has filed an affidavit in September 2011 giving the details 
of the prosecutions launched under the Act and the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal 
Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Rules, 1996 (for short “the 
Rules”), up to June 2011. We have gone through the chart as well as the data 
made available by various States, which depicts a sorry and an alarming state of 
affairs. Lack of proper supervision and effective implementation of the Act by 
various States, are clearly demonstrated by the details made available to this 
Court. However, the State of Maharashtra has comparatively a better track record. 
Seldom, the ultrasound machines used for such sex determination in violation of 
the provisions of the Act are seized and, even if seized, they are being released to 
the violators of the law only to repeat the crime. Hardly few cases end in 
conviction. The cases booked under the Act are pending disposal for several years 
in many courts in the country and nobody takes any interest in their disposal and 
hence, seldom, those cases end in conviction and sentences, a fact well known to 
the violators of law. Many of the ultrasonography clinics seldom maintain any 
record as per rules and, in respect of the pregnant women, no records are kept for 
their treatment and the provisions of the Act and the Rules are being violated with 
impunity. 


=== PAGE 73 ===

 
73 
 
8. The Central Government vide GSR No. 80(E) dated 7-2-2002 issued a 
notification amending the Act and regulating usage of mobile machines capable 
of detecting the sex of the foetus, including portable ultrasonic machines, except 
in cases to provide birth services to patients when used within its registered 
premises as part of the mobile medical unit offering a bouquet or other medical 
and health services. The Central Government also vide GSR No. 418(E) dated 4-
6-2012 has notified an amendment by inserting a new Rule 3.3(3) with an object 
to regulate illegal registrations of medical practitioners in genetic clinics, and also 
amended Rule 5(1) by increasing the application fee for registration of 
every genetic clinic, genetic counselling centre, genetic laboratory, ultrasound 
clinic or imaging centre and amended Rule 13 by providing that an advance 
notice by any centre for intimation of every change in place, intimation of 
employees and address. Many of the clinics are totally unaware of those 
amendments and are carrying on the same practices. 
9. In such circumstances, the following directions are given: 
9.1. The Central Supervisory Board and the State and Union Territories 
Supervisory Boards, constituted under Sections 7 and 16-A of PN & PNDT Act, 
would meet at least once in six months, so as to supervise and oversee how 
effective is the implementation of the PN & PNDT Act. 
9.2. The State Advisory Committees and District Advisory Committees should 
gather information relating to the breach of the provisions of the PN & PNDT Act 
and the Rules and take steps to seize records, seal machines and institute legal 
proceedings, if they notice violation of the provisions of the PN & PNDT Act. 
9.3. The committees mentioned above should report the details of the charges 
framed and the conviction of the persons who have committed the offence, to the 
State Medical Councils for proper action, including suspension of the registration 
of the unit and cancellation of licence to practice. 
9.4. The authorities should ensure also that all genetic counselling centres, genetic 
laboratories and genetic clinics, infertility clinics, scan centres, etc. using pre-
conception and pre-natal diagnostic techniques and procedures should 
maintain all records and all forms, required to be maintained under the Act and 
the Rules and the duplicate copies of the same be sent to the district authorities 
concerned, in accordance with Rule 9(8) of the Rules. 
9.5. States and District Advisory Boards should ensure that all manufacturers and 
sellers of ultrasonography machines do not sell any machine to any unregistered 
centre, as provided under Rule 3-A and disclose, on a quarterly basis, to the 
State/Union Territory concerned and the Central Government, a list of persons to 
whom the machines have been sold, in accordance with Rule 3-A(2) of the Rules. 
9.6. There will be a direction to all genetic counselling centres, genetic 
laboratories, clinics, etc. to maintain Forms A, E, H and other statutory forms 
provided under the Rules and if these forms are not properly maintained, 
appropriate action should be taken by the authorities concerned. 


=== PAGE 74 ===

 
74 
 
9.7. Steps should also be taken by the State Government and the authorities under 
the Act for mapping of all registered and unregistered ultrasonography clinics, in 
three months' time. 
9.8. Steps should be taken by the State Governments and the Union Territories to 
educate the people of the necessity of implementing the provisions of the Act by 
conducting workshops as well as awareness camps at the State and district levels. 
9.9. Special cell be constituted by the State Governments and the Union 
Territories to monitor the progress of various cases pending in the courts under 
the Act and take steps for their early disposal. 
9.10. The authorities concerned should take steps to seize the machines which 
have been used illegally and contrary to the provisions of the Act and the Rules 
thereunder and the seized machines can also be confiscated under the provisions 
of the Code of Criminal Procedure and be sold, in accordance with law. 
9.11. The various courts in this country should take steps to dispose of all pending 
cases under the Act, within a period of six months. Communicate this order to the 
Registrars of various High Courts, who will take appropriate follow-up action 
with due intimation to the courts concerned. …” 
 
IN THE HIGH COURT OF DELHI 
Amy Antoinette McGregor & Anr v. Directorate of Family Welfare Govt of 
NCT of Delhi & Anr. 
(2013) 205 DLT 96 
N.V. Ramana, C.J. and Manmohan, J. 
The petitioners, an Australian couple, were desirous of having children of 
opposite sex through surrogacy in India and wished to use prenatal diagnostic 
techniques for identifying the sex of the embryo before impregnation. They 
approached the Delhi High Court seeking a declaration that the PCPNDT Act 
is “ultra vires” in its applicability to the surrogacy process and a direction to the 
respondents to allow their application for exemption under it. The Court 
examined the constitutionality of the PCPNDT Act and whether there was a 
need to accord different treatment to intending parents wanting to balance their 
family through surrogacy. 
Ramana, C.J.: “1. This writ petition is filed by two petitioners, residents of 
Sydney, Australia. The first petitioner is the wife and the second is the husband. It 
appears that due to some medical problem the first petitioner cannot physically 
conceive a child...The doctors therefore advised her to proceed with a Gestational 
Surrogacy...According to the petitioners, though they want a child, yet they do not 
want two children of the same sex in view of their principle of balanced family 
and accordingly they want to control the birth of same sex by using the advanced 
prenatal techniques. 
2. For this purpose, it appears that the petitioners made an application to 
respondent No. 1 seeking to forward it to the concerned department and in that 


=== PAGE 75 ===

 
75 
 
application they made a request that the provisions of The Pre-Conception and 
Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 1994 
(hereinafter referred to as ‘the said Act’) cannot be made applicable to them and it 
is also further stated that couples who have no children and wish to have a male or 
female children should be allowed to make use of the pre-natal diagnostic 
techniques to have a child of both sex to balance their family. So these couples 
cannot be treated at par with the couples, who choose the sex of foetus in order to 
have a male child leading to imbalance in male to female ratio. 
3. It is further stated that the unconstitutionality of the said Act is visible to the 
class of couples who are not having child/ children and wish to have both male 
and female babies. Even though they made an application seeking exemption of 
these couples from the said Act, there is no response from the respondent 
authorities. The present writ petition is, therefore, filed seeking following reliefs:- 
“i Issue a writ of mandamus or any other appropriate writ, order or direction 
directing the Respondent No. 1 to grant a ‘No Objection’ to the petitioners with 
reference to their application pending disposal in their office. 
ii Issue a writ of mandamus or any other appropriate writ, order or direction 
thereby directing that the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act as ultra vires with 
respect to its applicability to surrogacy process.” 
4. When the matter came up for admission, the learned counsel for the respondent 
No. 1 furnished a letter dated 17.09.2013 which is a reply to the representation 
submitted by the petitioners. Vide the said letter the request made by the 
petitioners has been declined stating that the said Act does not permit Sex 
selection on the pretext of family balancing as it would result in restricting the 
scope and meaning of the Act, to the detriment of the Government's endeavour to 
reverse the trend of declining female Child Sex Ratio. 
5. Thus, in view of the above reply by respondent No. 1, the first relief sought by 
the petitioners has become infructuous. Now, for deciding the second prayer of 
the petitioners, let us examine the legal position. 
6. The legislative purpose of the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation 
and Prevention of Misuse) Amendment Act, 2002 reads as under:- 
“An Act to provide for the prohibition of sex selection, before or after conception, 
and for regulation of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for the purposes of detecting 
genetic abnormalities or metabolic disorders or chromosomal abnormalities or 
certain congenital malformations or sexlinked disorders and for the prevention of 
their misuse for sex determination leading to female foeticide and for matters 
connected therewith or incidental thereto.” 
7. The intention is, therefore, clear that one of the integral purposes of the 
legislation is prevention of misuse of pre-natal diagnosis for sex determination, 
since such determination is legislatively perceived to lead to female foeticide. 
8. From a reading of the writ petition filed by the petitioners, it is clear that the 
assumption and the reason given is speculative and factually misconceived. The 


=== PAGE 76 ===

 
76 
 
assumption of the petitioners that it is possible to identify the gender of the foetus 
before impregnation, has no basis in the science of genetics or any established 
principle of sexual reproduction currently. 
9. It is not contended that the legislation is beyond the authorized legislative field 
of the Parliament. The singular ground of challenge is that the legislation is 
arbitrary and does not accommodate the ‘exceptional category’ of the petitioners 
who desire to have a balanced family comprising a male and a female child, a 
challenge which in substance means that the Act is unsustainable for the vice of 
unreasonable classification. 
10. It is a well settled principle of the Doctrine of Classification that: 
The Legislature is free to recognise degrees of harm and may confine its 
restrictions to those cases where the need is deemed to be the clearest. 
11. It is equally well settled principle of Doctrine of Classification that: 
In order to sustain the presumption of constitutionality the Court may take into 
consideration matters of common knowledge, matters of common report, the 
history of the times and may assume every state of the times and may assume 
every state of facts which can be conceived existing at the time of legislation. 
12. These principles are so well settled that they enjoy the status of being meta 
principles. These are also principles of classification uniformly declared without 
exception in all legal jurisdictions where rule of law or principles of equality are 
the cornerstones of a constitutional democracy, and have been reiterated in Ram 
Krishna Dalmia v. Shri Justice S.R. 
Tendolkar AIR 1958 SC 538. 
13. The challenge to the provisions of the Act on the ground of hostile 
discrimination and unreasonable classification is, therefore, misconceived. We 
need say no more. 
14. The writ petition is, accordingly, dismissed…” 
 
IN THE HIGH COURT OF ALLAHABAD  
Saksham Foundation Charitable Society v. Union of India 
(2014) 5 All LJ 496 
D. Y. Chandrachud, C.J. and D. K. Upadhyaya, J. 
The petitioner challenged the constitutionality of Sections 5(2), 6(a) and 6(b) of 
the PCPNDT Act, which prohibits disclosure of the sex of the foetus and bans 
sex determination. The petitioner contended that prohibition of sex 
determination violated the right to life of the foetus and sought directions for 
legalization of sex-determination and compulsory disclosure of the sex of the 
foetus in order to record and prevent sex selection. The Allahabad High Court 
examined the validity of the said provisions in light of Articles 14 and 21 of the 
Indian Constitution.  
Chandrachud, C.J. and Upadhyaya, J.: “1. These proceedings have been instituted 
by a Society registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860, seeking to 


=== PAGE 77 ===

 
77 
 
challenge the constitutional validity of Section 5(2) and Clauses (a) and (b) of 
Section 6 of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques 
(Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 1994. Apart from challenging the 
constitutional validity of the provisions, the following reliefs have been sought: 
“B. issue a writ, order or direction in the nature of mandamus, directing the 
Opposite Parties to legalize the sex determination and make it compulsory for the 
person conducting the sex determination test (specifically ultrasonography) to 
clearly and in detail disclose the sex of the foetus in the ultrasound report along 
with the print of the image of the foetus (which will be conclusive proof of the sex 
of the foetus) till the time it comes up with a better and more effective 
alternative provision for dealing with the evil practice of sex selection.” 
2. The first ground of challenge is that the prohibition of sex determination 
violates the rights of the unborn child and is, therefore, contrary to Article 21 of 
the Constitution of India. In the alternate, the second submission is that, it is only 
when a compulsory disclosure is made by the medical professional conducting an 
ultrasonography test of the sex of the unborn foetus, can a record be maintained of 
the sex of the foetus. In the absence of disclosure, it has been submitted, there is 
only moral duty of the doctor not to disclose and in consequence, the female 
foetus is ultimately aborted. The PC & PNDT Act, 1994 was specifically enacted 
to provide for the prohibition of sex selection, before or after conception, and for 
regulation of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for the purposes of detecting genetic 
abnormalities or metabolic disorders or chromosomal abnormalities or certain 
congenital malformations or sex-linked disorders and for the prevention of their 
misuse for sex determination leading to female foeticide and for matters 
connected therewith or incidental thereto. The Statement of Objects and Reasons 
accompanying the Bill, which was introduced in Parliament, is to the following 
effect: 
“It is proposed to prohibit pre-natal diagnostic techniques for determination of sex 
of the foetus leading to female foeticide. Such abuse of techniques is 
discriminatory against the female sex and affects the dignity and status of women. 
A legislation is required to regulate the use of such techniques and to provide 
deterrent punishment to stop such inhuman act 
 
2. The Bill, inter aha (sic), provides for:— 
(i) prohibition of the misuse of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for determination 
of sex of foetus, leading to female foeticide; 
(ii) prohibition of advertisement of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for detection 
or determination of sex; 
(iii) permission and regulation of the use of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for the 
purpose of detection of specific genetic abnormalities or disorders; 
(iv) permitting the use of such techniques only under certain conditions by the 
registered institutions; and 
(v) punishment for violation of the provisions of the proposed legislation. 


=== PAGE 78 ===

 
78 
 
3. The Bill seeks to achieve the aforesaid objectives.” 
 
The Act was amended by Amending Act 14 of 2003. The Statement of Object and 
Reasons is instructive: 
“Amendment Act 14 of 2003-Statement of Object and Reasons.— The Pre-natal 
Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) Act, 1994 seeks to 
prohibit pre-natal diagnostic techniques for determination of sex of the foetus 
leading to female foeticide. During recent years, certain inadequacies and 
practical difficulties in the administration of the said Act have come to the notice 
of the Government, which has necessitated amendments in the said Act. 
2. The pre-natal diagnostic techniques like amniocentesis and sonography are 
useful for the detection of genetic or chromosomal disorders or congenital 
malformations or sex linked disorders, etc. However, the amniocentesis and 
sonography are being used on a large scale to detect the sex of the foetus and to 
terminate the pregnancy of the unborn child if found to be female. Techniques are 
also being developed to select the sex of child before conception. These practices 
and techniques are considered discriminatory to the female sex and not conducive 
to the dignity of the women. 
3. The proliferation of the technologies mentioned above may, in future, 
precipitate a catastrophe, in the form of severe imbalance in male-female ratio. 
The State is also duty bound to intervene in such matters to uphold the welfare of 
the society, especially of the women and children. It is, therefore, necessary to 
enact and implement in letter and spirit a legislation to ban the pre-conception sex 
selection techniques and the misuse of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for sex-
selective abortions and to provide for the regulation of such abortions. Such a law 
is also needed to uphold medical ethics and initiate the process of regulation of 
medical technology in the larger interests of the society. 
4. Accordingly, it is proposed to amend the aforesaid Act with a view to banning 
the use of both sex selection techniques prior to conception as well as the misuse 
of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for sex selective abortions and to regulate such 
techniques with a view to ensuring their scientific use for which they are 
intended.” 
… 
Sub-section (2) of Section 5 of the Act, which is sought to be challenged, is to the 
following effect: 
“(2) No person including the person conducting pre-natal diagnostic procedures 
shall communicate to the pregnant woman concerned or her relatives or any other 
person the sex of the foetus by words, signs or in any other manner.” 
 
Section 6 of the Act, is to the following effect: 
“6. Determination of sex prohibited. — On and from the commencement of this 
Act,— 


=== PAGE 79 ===

 
79 
 
(a) no Genetic Counselling Centre or Genetic Laboratory or Genetic Clinic shall 
conduct or cause to be conducted in its Centre, Laboratory or Clinic, pre-natal 
diagnostic techniques including ultra-sonography, for the purpose of determining 
the sex of a foetus; 
(b) no person shall conduct or cause to be conducted any pre-natal diagnostic 
techniques including ultra-sonography for the purpose of determining the sex of a 
foetus; 
(c) no person shall, by whatever means, cause or allow to be caused selection of 
sex before or after conception.” 
The expression ‘pre-natal diagnostic procedures’ is defined under Section 2(i) 
thus: 
“2. (i) “pre-natal diagnostic procedures” means all gynaecological or obstetrical 
or medical procedures such as ultra-sonography, foetoscopy, taking or removing 
samples of amniotic fluid, chorionic villi, embryo, blood or any other tissue or 
fluid of a man, or of a woman before or after conception, for being sent to a 
Genetic Laboratory or Genetic Clinic for conducting any type of analysis or 
prenatal diagnostic tests for selection of sex before or after conception.” 
Section 3-A of the Act contains a prohibition of sex selection to the effect that no 
person, including a specialist or a team of specialists in the field of infertility, 
shall conduct or cause to be conducted or aid in conducting by himself or by any 
other person, sex selection on a woman or a man or on both or on any tissue, 
embryo, conceptus, fluid or gametes derived from either or both of them. 
3. These provisions were enacted by Parliament in order to prohibit sex selection, 
before or after conception, and for regulating pre-natal diagnostic techniques for 
the purpose of detecting genetic abnormalities. The enactment of the legislation is 
to prevent the use of pre-natal diagnostic techniques which were being and 
continue to be misused for sex determination. The rapid decline in the ratio of 
females to the male population is widely attributed to the prevalent practice of sex 
selection. The prevalence of female foeticide constitutes the most egregious 
violation of human rights in our society. The Act has been enacted in this 
background. Sub-section (2) of Section 5 of the Act consequently contains a 
wholesome prohibition to the effect that no person shall communicate to a 
pregnant woman or her relatives or to any other person the sex of the foetus in any 
manner whatsoever including while conducting pre-natal diagnostic procedures. 
Similarly, clauses (b) and (c) of Section 6 of the Act ensure that no prenatal 
diagnostic techniques including ultrasonography shall be conducted for 
determining the sex of foetus and that no person shall cause or allow to be caused 
selection of sex before or after conception. 
… 
6. ‘Sex’ refers to the biological and physiological characteristics that define men 
and women. Gender is a social construct and comprehends roles, behaviours, 
activities and attributes that a society considers appropriate for men and women 


=== PAGE 80 ===

 
80 
 
[See in this context the Training Module and Handbook for Judicial Officers on 
Sex Selection and PC & PNDT Act —2014, published by the United Nations 
Population Fund — India.] . Dominant patriarchal notions have denied access to 
women to productive resources, decision making and social mobility. 
Opportunities within the family and at the workplace which are available to males 
are denied to females. These differences are not biological but reflect a deeply 
ingrained social attitude of a patriarchal society which denies equal status to 
women. In a patriarchal system, the dominance of men sanctified by social 
customs and conventions has resulted in an unequal access for women to social 
and economic opportunities that are available to men. Men control the productive 
and labour power of women, reproductive rights, sexuality, mobility and access to 
economic resources. A declining CSR is documented to have resulted in 
increasing violence against women and the denial of rights. Sex determination is 
known to lead to forced abortions. Women, both in the urban and rural areas, are 
subjected to psychological stress over the perceived pressure to produce a male 
child. Women are deserted, subjected to cruelty and deprived of their fundamental 
human rights in the process… 
… 
12. The Supreme Court in Centre for Enquiry into Health and Allied Themes 
(CEHAT) v. Union of India [ Writ Petition (Civil) No. 301 of 2000: ((2001) 5 
SCC 577 : AIR 2001 SC 2007).] issued detailed guidelines for the implementation 
of the Act. The latest guidelines, which have been formulated by the Supreme 
Court in its judgment dated 4 March, 2013 in Voluntary Health Association of 
Punjab v. Union of India [ Writ Petition (Civil) No. 349 of 2006 : ((2013) 4 SCC 
1 : AIR 2013 SC 1571).] are to the following effect:… 
 
13. We now expect that the State, which is bound by the directions which have 
been issued by the Supreme Court, would 
ensure that the directions of the Supreme Court are implemented with the highest 
priority. 
14. Articles 15 and 16 of the Constitution, prohibit discrimination on the basis of 
sex. In a recent judgment of the Supreme Court in National Legal Services 
Authority v. Union of India [ Writ Petition (Civil) No. 400 of 2012, decided on 15 
April, 2014 : ((2014) 5 SCC 438 : AIR 2014 SC 1863).] the Supreme Court has 
held that the prohibition of discrimination on the ground of sex encompasses 
discrimination on the ground of gender identity: 
“Articles 15 and 16 sought to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex, 
recognizing that sex dicscrirnination is a historical fact and needs to be addressed. 
Constitution makers, it can be gathered, give emphasis to the fundamental right 
against sex discrimination so as to prevent the direct or indirect attitude to treat 
people differently, for the reason of not being in conformity with stereotypical 
generalizations of binary genders. Both gender and biological attributes constitute 


=== PAGE 81 ===

 
81 
 
distinct components of sex. Biological characteristics, of course, include genitals, 
chromosomes and secondary sexual features, but gender attributes include one's 
self image, the deep psychological or emotional sense of sexual identity and 
character. The discrimination on the ground of “sex” under Articles 15 and 16, 
therefore, includes discrimination on the ground of gender identity. The 
expression ‘sex’ used in Articles 15 and 16 is not just limited to biological sex of 
male or female, but intended to include people who consider themselves to be 
neither male or female.” 
15. Gender identity has been held to be at the core of personal identity. Gender 
expression and presentation are, therefore, a component of the freedom of speech 
and expression protected by Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution. Recognition of 
gender identity is a core of the fundamental right to dignity which is 
comprehended by the right to life under Article 21 of the Constitution: 
“Recognition of one's gender identity lies at the heart of the fundamental right to 
dignity. Gender, as already indicated, constitutes the core of one's sense of being 
as well as an integral part of a person's identity. Legal recognition of gender 
identity is, therefore, part of right to dignity and freedom guaranteed under our 
Constitution.” 
16. The constitutional validity of the PC & PNDT Act was upheld in a judgment 
of a Division Bench of the Bombay High Court in Vijay Sharma v. Union of India 
[AIR 2008 Bombay 29.] While rejecting the challenge, the Supreme Court 
(sic) observed that the hard realities of Indian social life were in the 
contemplation of the legislature when the law was enacted. The Bombay High 
Court held as follows: 
“…It cannot be denied that in India there is strong bias in favour of a male child. 
Various causes have led to this preference. It is felt that son carries the name of 
the family forward and only he can perform religious rites at the time of 
cremation of the parents. Sons are said to provide support in the old age. Several 
socio-economic and cultural factors are responsible for this craving for a son. It is 
unfortunate that people should still be under the influence of such outdated 
notions. As long as such notions exist, the girl child will always be unwanted 
because it is felt that she brings with her the burden of dowry. These hard realities 
will have to be kept in mind while dealing with the challenge raised to the 
constitutional validity of a statute which tries to ban sex selection before or after 
preconception and misuse of the said techniques leading to sex selective 
abortions. None can be allowed to use the said techniques for sex selection if the 
use of the said techniques for sex selection is not banned, there will be 
unprecedented imbalance in male to female ratio and that will have disastrous 
effect on the society. The said Act must, therefore, be allowed to achieve its 
avowed object of preventing sex selection. In our opinion, the provisions of the 
said Act which are sought to be declared unconstitutional are neither arbitrary nor 
unreasonable and are not violative of Article 14… That society should not want a 


=== PAGE 82 ===

 
82 
 
girl child, that efforts should be made to prevent the birth of a girl child and that 
society should give preference to a male child over a girl child is a matter of grave 
concern. Such tendency offends dignity of women. It undermines their 
importance. It violates woman's right to life. It violates Article 39(e) of the 
Constitution which states the principle of State policy that the health and strength 
of women is not to be abused. It ignores Article 51 A(e) of the Constitution which 
states that it shall be the duty of every citizen of India to renounce practices 
derogatory to the dignity of women. Sex selection is therefore against the spirit of 
the Constitution. It insults and humiliates womanhood. This is perhaps the 
greatest argument in favour of total ban on sex selection.” 
17. We are in respectful agreement with the decision. A similar view has been 
taken by the Bombay High Court in another judgment in Vinod Soni v. Union of 
India. [2005 Cri LJ 3408.] The Delhi High Court has similarly upheld the 
constitutional validity of the provisions in Amy Antoinette Mcgregor v. 
Directorate of Family Welfare, Govt. of NCT of Delhi [(2013) 205 DLT 96 
(DB).] 
18. Having regard to the social evil, which Parliament sought to remedy by 
enactment of the provisions of the Act, we see no ground to hold that the 
provisions, which are under challenge, are unconstitutional. Parliament had the 
legislative competence to enact the law, in any event, under Entry 97 of List-I of 
the Seventh Schedule. The provisions are not either arbitrary or violative of 
Article 14 of the Constitution or for that matter, violative of Article 21 of the 
Constitution. On the contrary, the Act is designed to ensure that the fundamental 
human right of the mother and of the unborn foetus is not violated by the misuse 
of sex selection diagnostic procedures, resulting in female foeticide. The alternate 
submission is a point, which does not relate to constitutional validity, but to 
legislative, policy. The Court would not be justified in interfering with the 
wisdom of Parliament in implementing a legislative policy in a particular manner. 
Whether any alternate means would better implement the legislative policy, is for 
Parliament to determine. The constitutional validity of the Act cannot be struck 
down on that ground. 
19. For these reasons, we find no ground to interfere in these proceedings. The 
petition is, accordingly, dismissed…” 
 
 
IN THE SUPREME COURT OF INDIA 
Voluntary Health Association of Punjab v. Union of India & Ors. 
(2016) 10 SCC 275 
Dipak Misra and Shiva Kirti Singh, JJ. 
The petitioner, in this case, sought to bring to the attention of the Court the 
non-implementation of the PCPNDT Act and prayed for guidelines to be issued 
for proper implementation of the Act. Another petitioner, the Indian Medical 


=== PAGE 83 ===

 
83 
 
Association, had contended that the provisions of the PCPNDT Act were being 
misused by authorities and were being used to harass medical professionals. 
The Association also sought guidelines and safeguards to ensure that the Act is 
not misused during its implementation. 
Misra, J.: “The two writ petitions being interconnected in certain aspects were 
heard together and are disposed of by the singular order…………. 
……………….. 
11. Be it stated immediately that the issues raised in Writ Petition (Civil) No. 349 
of 2006 are not agitated for the first time, for they had been raised on earlier 
occasions and dealt with serious concern and solemn sincerity. It is because they 
relate to the very core of existence of a civilised society, pertain to the progress of 
the human race, and expose the maladroit efforts to throttle the right of a life to 
feel the mother earth and smell its fragrance. And, if we allow ourselves to say, 
the issues have been highlighted with sincere rhetorics and balanced hyperboles 
and ring the alarm of destruction of humanity in the long run. It is not a group 
prophecy, but a significant collective predication. The involvement of all is 
obvious, and it has to be. The heart of the issue that is zealously projected by the 
petitioner is the increase of female foeticide, resultant imbalance of sex ratio and 
the indifference in the implementation of the stringent law that is in force. In 
essence, the fulcrum of the anguished grievance lays stress on the non-
implementation of the provisions of the PreConception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic 
Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 1994 (for brevity “the Act”) and 
the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex 
Selection) Rules, 1996 (for short “the Rules”) framed under the Act by the 
competent authorities who are obliged to do so. 
12. The grievance has a narrative, and it needs to be stated…………. 
13. Realising the rise of prenatal diagnostic centres in urban areas of the country 
using prenatal diagnostic techniques for determination of sex of the foetus and 
that the said centres had become very popular and had tremendous growth, as the 
female child is not welcomed with open arms in many Indian families and the 
consequence that such centres became centres for female foeticide which affected 
the dignity and status of women, Parliament brought in the legislation to regulate 
the use of such techniques and to provide punishment for such inhuman act. The 
objects and reasons of the Act stated unequivocally that it was meant to prohibit 
the misuse of prenatal diagnostic techniques for determination of sex of the 
foetus, leading to female foeticide; to prohibit advertisement of prenatal 
diagnostic techniques for detection or determination of sex; to permit and regulate 
the use of prenatal diagnostic techniques for the purpose of detection of specific 
genetic abnormalities or disorders; to permit the use of such techniques only 
under certain conditions by the registered institutions; and to punish for violation 
of the provisions of the proposed legislation. The Preamble of the Act provides 
for the prohibition of sex selection before or after conception, and for regulation 


=== PAGE 84 ===

 
84 
 
of prenatal diagnostic techniques for the purposes of detecting genetic 
abnormalities or metabolic disorders or chromosomal abnormalities or certain 
congenital malformations or sex-linked disorders and for the prevention of their 
misuse for sex determination leading to female foeticide and for matters 
connected therewith or incidental thereto. Be it noted when the Act came into 
force, it was named as the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and 
Prevention of Misuse) Act, 1994 and after the amendments in 2001 and 2003, in 
the present incarnation, it is called the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic 
Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 1994… 
………….. 
 
15. … Needless to emphasise, the predicament with regard to female foeticide by 
misuse of modern science and technology has aggravated and enormously 
affected the sex ratio. To eradicate the malady, Parliament, as stated earlier, had 
enacted the Act. In the first year of this century, a petition under Article 32 was 
moved for issuing directions to implement the provisions of the said Act by (a) 
appointing appropriate authorities at State and district levels and the Advisory 
Committees; (b) issuing direction to the Central Government to ensure that the 
Central Supervisory Boardmeets every 6 months as provided under the PNDT 
Act; and for banning of all advertisements of prenatal sex selection including all 
other sex-determination techniques which can be abused to selectively produce 
only boys either before or during pregnancy. 
16. Two-Judge Benches in Centre for Enquiry into Health & Allied Themes v. 
Union of India [Centre for Enquiry into Health & Allied Themes v. Union of 
India, (2001) 5 SCC 577] and Centre for Enquiry into Health & Allied Themes v. 
Union of India [Centre for Enquiry into Health & Allied Themes v. Union of 
India, (2003) 8 SCC 398] on 4-5-2001 and 10-9-2003 issued certain directions. 
Apart from the directions contained in the said orders, the Court, while finally 
disposing of the writ petition, issued the following directions: (Centre for Enquiry 
into Health case [Centre for Enquiry into Health & Allied Themes v. Union of 
India, (2003) 8 SCC 398] , SCC pp. 405-06, paras 6-7)  
“(a) For effective implementation of the Act, information should be published by 
way of advertisements as well as on electronic media. This process should be 
continued till there is awareness in the public that there should not be any 
discrimination between male and female child. 
(b) Quarterly reports by the appropriate authority, which are submitted to the 
Supervisory Board should be consolidated and published annually for information 
of the public at large. 
(c) Appropriate authorities shall maintain the records of all the meetings of the 
Advisory Committees. 
(d) The National Inspection and Monitoring Committee constituted by the Central 
Government for conducting periodic inspection shall continue to function till the 


=== PAGE 85 ===

 
85 
 
Act is effectively implemented. The reports of this Committee be placed before 
the Central Supervisory Board and State Supervisory Boards for any further 
action. 
(e) As provided under Rule 17(3), the public would have access to the records 
maintained by different bodies constituted under the Act. 
(f) The Central Supervisory Board would ensure that the following States appoint 
the State Supervisory Boards as per the requirement of Section 16-A: 
1. Delhi, 2. Himachal Pradesh, 3. Tamil Nadu, 4. Tripura, and 5. Uttar Pradesh. 
(g) As per the requirement of Section 17(3)(a), the Central Supervisory Board 
would ensure that the 
following States appoint the multi-member appropriate authorities: 
1. Jharkhand, 2. Maharashtra, 3. Tripura, 4. Tamil Nadu, and 5. Uttar Pradesh. 
7. It will be open to the parties to approach this Court in case of any difficulty in 
implementing the aforesaid directions.” 
17. Despite the directions issued by the Court in Centre for Enquiry into Health 
case [Centre for Enquiry into Health & Allied Themes v. Union of India, (2003) 8 
SCC 398] , there had not been proper implementation and that compelled the 
present petitioner, namely, Voluntary Health Association of Punjab to file the 
present writ petition seeking various directions. The Court on 8-1-2013 
[Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, (2013) 4 SCC 401 : (2013) 
2 SCC (Cri) 424] took note of the fact that the provisions had not been adequately 
implemented by the various States and Union Territories and accordingly directed 
for personal appearance of the Health Secretaries of the States of Punjab, 
Haryana, NCT of Delhi, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Maharashtra, to 
examine what steps they had taken for the proper and effective implementation of 
the provisions of the Act as well as the various directions issued by this Court. 
18. At a later stage in Centre for Enquiry into Health case [Centre for Enquiry into 
Health & Allied Themes v. Union of India, (2003) 8 SCC 398] , a reference was 
made to 2011 Census of India to highlight that there had been a sharp decline in 
the female sex ratio in many States. It was also observed that there had been no 
effective supervision or follow-up action so as to achieve the object and purpose 
of the Act. It was observed that mushrooming of various sonography centres, 
genetic clinics, genetic counselling centres, genetic laboratories, ultrasonic clinics, 
imaging centres in almost all parts of the country called for more vigil and 
attention by the authorities under the Act. The Court also found that their 
functioning was not being properly monitored or supervised by the authorities 
under the Act or to find out whether they are misusing the prenatal diagnostic 
techniques for determination of sex of foetus leading to foeticide. 
19. A reference was made to various facets of the Act and the Rules and 
ultimately the Court in Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India 
[Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, (2013) 4 SCC 1 : (2013) 2 
SCC (Cri) 287] issued the following directions: (SCC pp. 6-7, para 9) 


=== PAGE 86 ===

 
86 
 
“9.1. The Central Supervisory Board and the State and Union Territories 
Supervisory Boards, constituted under Sections 7 and 16-A of the PC & PNDT 
Act, would meet at least once in six months, so as to supervise and oversee how 
effective is the implementation of the PC & PNDT Act. 
9.2. The State Advisory Committees and District Advisory Committees should 
gather information relating to the breach of the provisions of the PC & PNDT Act 
and the Rules and take steps to seize records, seal machines and institute legal 
proceedings, if they notice violation of the provisions of the PC & PNDT Act. 
9.3. The committees mentioned above should report the details of the charges 
framed and the conviction of the persons who have committed the offence, to the 
State Medical Councils for proper action, including suspension of the registration 
of the unit and cancellation of licence to practice. 
9.4. The authorities should ensure also that all genetic counselling centres, genetic 
laboratories and genetic clinics, infertility clinics, scan centres, etc. using pre-
conception and prenatal diagnostic techniques and procedures should maintain all 
records and all forms, required to be maintained under the Act and the Rules and 
the duplicate copies of the same be sent to the district authorities concerned, in 
accordance with Rule 9(8) of the Rules.  
9.5. States and District Advisory Boards should ensure that all manufacturers and 
sellers of ultrasonography machines do not sell any machine to any unregistered 
centre, as provided under Rule 3-A and disclose, on a quarterly basis, to the 
State/Union Territory concerned and the Central Government, a list of persons to 
whom the machines have been sold, in accordance with Rule 3-A(2) of the Rules. 
9.6. There will be a direction to all genetic counselling centres, genetic 
laboratories, clinics, etc. to maintain Forms A, E, H and other statutory forms 
provided under the Rules and if these forms are not properly maintained, 
appropriate action should be taken by the authorities concerned. 
9.7. Steps should also be taken by the State Government and the authorities under 
the Act for mapping of all registered and unregistered ultrasonography clinics, in 
three months' time. 
9.8. Steps should be taken by the State Governments and the Union Territories to 
educate the people of the necessity of implementing the provisions of the Act by 
conducting workshops as well as awareness camps at the State and district levels. 
9.9. Special cell be constituted by the State Governments and the Union 
Territories to monitor the progress of various cases pending in the courts under 
the Act and take steps for their early disposal. 
9.10. The authorities concerned should take steps to seize the machines which 
have been used illegally and contrary to the provisions of the Act and the Rules 
thereunder and the seized machines can also be confiscated under the provisions 
of the Code of Criminal Procedure and be sold, in accordance with law. 
9.11. The various courts in this country should take steps to dispose of all pending 
cases under the Act, within a period of six months. Communicate this order to the 


=== PAGE 87 ===

 
87 
 
Registrars of various High Courts, who will take appropriate follow-up action 
with due intimation to the courts concerned.” 
… 
22. On 16-9-2014 [Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, (2014) 16 
SCC 433] the Court took note of the directions already issued and proceeded to 
deal with IA No. 11 of 2013 and recorded the submission of Mr Sanjay Parikh, 
learned counsel that the Union of India has to animate itself in an appropriate 
manner to see that the sex ratio is maintained and does not reduce further. It was 
also urged by him that the Central Supervision Committee which is required to 
meet to take stock of the situation and the National Monitoring Committee who is 
required to monitor the activities, had failed in their duties. 
23. Mr Parikh had also drawn the attention of the Court to the proviso to Section 
4(3) of the Act which reads as follows: 
“4. Regulation of prenatal diagnostic techniques.—On and from the 
commencement of this Act—(1)-(3) *** 
Provided that the person conducting ultrasonography on a pregnant woman shall 
keep complete record thereof in the clinic in such manner, as may be prescribed, 
and any deficiency or inaccuracy found therein shall amount to contravention of 
the provisions of Section 5 or Section 6 unless 
contrary is proved by the person conducting such ultrasonography.” 
24. It was propounded by him that the authorities concerned have not acted in 
accordance with the aforesaid provision in all seriousness as a result of which the 
nation has faced the disaster of female foeticide. On that day, Mr Colin 
Gonsalves, learned Senior Counsel, appearing for the writ petitioner, had drawn 
our attention to the affidavit filed by the petitioner contending, inter alia, that the 
sex ratio in most of the States had decreased and in certain States, there had been 
a minor increase, but the same is not likely to subserve the aims and objects of the 
Act. After referring to the history of this litigation which has been continuing in 
this Court since long, he had submitted that certain directions are required to be 
issued. 
25. The Union of India was directed to file an affidavit of the Additional 
Secretary of Health and/or any other Additional Secretary concerned clearly 
stating what steps had been taken and on the basis of the steps taken, what results 
have been achieved. It was also directed that all the States shall file their 
responses through the Health Secretaries concerned. The direction further 
contained that the affidavits shall be comprehensive and must reflect sincerity and 
responsibility. 
26. On 25-11-2014 [Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, (2014) 
16 SCC 426 : (2014) 16 SCC 427] the Court noted that affidavits by certain States 
had been filed and certain States, namely, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Bihar, Goa, 
Gujarat, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Odisha, Tripura, and UT 
of Daman and Nagar Haveli and Puducherry had not filed the affidavits. Two 


=== PAGE 88 ===

 
88 
 
weeks' time was granted to file the necessary affidavits. At that juncture, it was 
thought appropriate to advert to the States by dividing them into certain clusters. 
It was decided to deal with the situation pertaining to the States of Uttar Pradesh, 
Haryana and NCT of Delhi first. The affidavit filed by the State of Uttar Pradesh 
was considered and in that context, it was observed that the census conducted in 
2011 cannot be the guideline for the purposes of the PC & PNDT Act. It was felt 
that a different methodology was required to be adopted by the State.… 
… 
30. Pursuant to the order dated 25-11-2014 [Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. 
Union of India, (2014) 16 SCC 426 : (2014) 16 SCC 427] , the Committee 
verified the data submitted by three States, namely, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and 
Delhi. As far as the State of Uttar Pradesh was concerned, on a perusal of the 
report, it transpired that the figures that were submitted by the State of Uttar 
Pradesh had been verified by the Committee and found to be correct. On a perusal 
of the report, along with the documents that had been annexed to, it was noticed 
that certain cases were pending for trial before the trial court. Regard being had to 
the fact that they had been instituted long back, a direction was issued to the effect 
that the proceedings that were pending before for trial and where there was no 
stay order of the High Court or this Court, the same shall be taken up in quite 
promptitude and be disposed of within a period of three months commencing 20-
1-2015. Be it stated, certain other directions were issued to be complied with by 
the State of Uttar Pradesh. 
… 
34. The data furnished by the NCT of Delhi was contested on the ground that it 
was collected from 50 major hospitals. The Court in Voluntary Health Assn. case 
[Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, (2015) 9 SCC 740 : (2015) 
9 SCC 745] noticed that there had really been no improvement with regard to the 
sex ratio. The Court took note of the submissions of Mr Gonsalves, learned Senior 
Counsel for the petitioner and Mr Parikh, learned counsel for the 
impleaded respondent(s) and observed that under Sections 16(2)(f)(ii) and (iii) 
there should be eminent women activists from non-governmental organisations 
and eminent gynaecologists and obstetricians or experts of stri-roga or prasuti 
tantra to be the members and thought it apt to state that there can be eminent 
women activists from non-governmental organisations, eminent gynaecologists 
and obstetricians or experts of stri-roga or prasuti tantra and eminent radiologists 
or sonologists but care has to be taken that they do not have conflict of interest. 
35. On 15-9-2015 [Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, (2015) 9 
SCC 740 : (2015) 9 SCC 753] , the Court noted the submission of Ms Anitha 
Shenoy, learned counsel appearing for Dr Sabu Mathew George, the newly 
impleaded party, that the appropriate authorities are not following the mandate 
enshrined under Rule 18-A of the Rules. Keeping in view the language employed 
in the said Rule, the Court directed that all the appropriate authorities including 


=== PAGE 89 ===

 
89 
 
the State, districts and sub-districts notified under the Act shall submit quarterly 
progress report to the Government of India through the State Government and 
maintain Form H for keeping the information of all registrations readily available. 
The Court further directed that the States shall file the compliance report 
pertaining to sub-rule (6) of Rule 18-A of the Rules and also directed the counsel 
for the Union of India to apprise the Court about the information received from 
the various appropriate authorities. 
… 
39. We have adumbrated the history of the litigation, the directions issued by this 
Court from time to time and adverted to how this Court has appreciated the 
impact of sex ratio on a civilised society having regard to the legislative 
intendment under the Act, the suggestions given by the learned counsel for the 
petitioner, the verification done by the Monitoring Committee, and the crisis the 
country is likely to face if the obtaining situation is allowed to prevail. As is 
manifest, this Court had issued directions from 2001 onwards in different writ 
petitions and in the instant writ petition, as noticed earlier, number of directions 
were issued and, thereafter, certain clarifications were made. The narration shows 
the concern.  
40. It needs no special emphasis that a female child is entitled to enjoy equal right 
that a male child is allowed to have. The constitutional identity of a female child 
cannot be mortgaged to any kind of social or other concept that has developed or 
is thought of. It does not allow any room for any kind of compromise. It only 
permits affirmative steps that are constitutionally postulated. Be it clearly stated 
that when rights are conferred by the Constitution, it has to be understood that 
such rights are recognised regard being had to their naturalness and universalism. 
No one, let it be repeated, no one, endows any right to a female child or, for that 
matter, to a woman. The question of any kind of condescension or patronisation 
does not arise. 
41. When a female foetus is destroyed through artificial means which is legally 
impermissible, the dignity of life of a woman to be born is extinguished. It 
corrodes the human values. The legislature has brought a complete code and it 
subserves the constitutional purpose… 
… 
43. Having stated about the scheme of the Act and the purpose of the various 
provisions and also the Rules framed under the Act, the dropping of sex ratio still 
remains a social affliction and a disease. 
44. Keeping in view the deliberations made from time to time and regard being 
had to the purpose of the Act and the far-reaching impact of the problem, we think 
it appropriate to issue the following directions in addition to the directions 
issued in the earlier order: 
44.1. All the States and the Union Territories in India shall maintain a centralised 
database of civil registration records from all registration units so that information 


=== PAGE 90 ===

 
90 
 
can be made available from the website regarding the number of boys and girls 
being born. 
44.2. The information that shall be displayed on the website shall contain the birth 
information for each district, municipality, corporation or gram panchayat so that 
a visual comparison of boys and girls born can be immediately seen. 
44.3. The statutory authorities, if not constituted as envisaged under the Act shall 
be constituted forthwith and the competent authorities shall take steps for the 
reconstitution of the statutory bodies so that they can become immediately 
functional after expiry of the term. That apart, they shall meet regularly so that the 
provisions of the Act can be implemented in reality and the effectiveness of the 
legislation is felt and realised in the society. 
44.4. The provisions contained in Sections 22 and 23 shall be strictly adhered to. 
Section 23(2) shall be duly complied with and it shall be reported by the 
authorities so that the State Medical Council takes necessary action after the 
intimation is given under the said provision. The appropriate authorities who have 
been appointed under Sections 17(1) and 17(2) shall be imparted periodical 
training to carry out the functions as required under various provisions of the Act. 
44.5. If there has been violation of any of the provisions of the Act or the Rules, 
proper action has to be taken by the authorities under the Act so that the legally 
inapposite acts are immediately curbed. 
44.6. The courts which deal with the complaints under the Act shall be fast 
tracked and the High Courts concerned shall issue appropriate directions in that 
regard. 
44.7. The judicial officers who are to deal with these cases under the Act shall be 
periodically imparted training in the judicial academies or training institutes, as 
the case may be, so that they can be sensitive and develop the requisite sensitivity 
as projected in the objects and reasons of the Act and its various provisions and in 
view of the need of the society. 
44.8. The Director of Prosecution or, if the said post is not there, the Legal 
Remembrancer or the Law Secretary shall take stock of things with regard to the 
lodging of prosecution so that the purpose of the Act is subserved. 
44.9. The courts that deal with the complaints under the Act shall deal with the 
matters in promptitude and submit the quarterly report to the High Courts through 
the Sessions and District Judge concerned. 
44.10. The learned Chief Justices of each of the High Courts in the country are 
requested to constitute a committee of three Judges that can periodically oversee 
the progress of the cases. 
44.11. The awareness campaigns with regard to the provisions of the Act as well 
as the social awareness shall be undertaken as per Direction 9.8 in the order dated 
4-3-2013 passed in Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab. [Voluntary Health Assn. of 
Punjab v. Union of India, (2013) 4 SCC 1 : (2013) 2 SCC (Cri) 287] 


=== PAGE 91 ===

 
91 
 
44.12. The State Legal Services Authorities of the States shall give emphasis on 
this campaign during the spread of legal aid and involve the para-legal volunteers. 
44.13. The Union of India and the States shall see to it that appropriate directions 
are issued to the authorities of All-India Radio and Doordarshan functioning in 
various States to give wide publicity pertaining to the saving of the girl child and 
the grave dangers the society shall face because of female foeticide. 
44.14. All the appropriate authorities including the States and districts notified 
under the Act shall submit quarterly progress report to the Government of India 
through the State Government and maintain Form H for keeping the information 
of all registrations readily available as per sub-rule (6) of Rule 18-A of the Rules. 
44.15. The States and Union Territories shall implement the Pre-Conception and 
Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) (Six Months 
Training) Rules, 2014 forthwith considering that the training provided therein is 
imperative for realising the objects and purpose of this Act. 
 
45 [Ed.: Para 45 corrected vide Official Corrigendum No. F.3/Ed.B.J./78/2016 
dated 20-3-2017.] . Before parting with the case, let it be stated with certitude and 
without allowing any room for any kind of equivocation or ambiguity, the 
perception of any individual or group or organisation or system treating a woman 
with inequity, indignity, inequality or any kind of discrimination is 
constitutionally impermissible. The historical perception has to be given a prompt 
burial. Female foeticide is conceived by the society that definitely includes the 
parents because of unethical perception of life and nonchalant attitude towards 
law. The society that treats man and woman with equal dignity shows the 
reflections of a progressive and civilised society. To think that a woman should 
think what a man or a society wants her to think tantamounts to slaughtering her 
choice, and definitely a humiliating act. When freedom of free choice is allowed 
within constitutional and statutory parameters, others cannot determine the norms 
as that would amount to acting in derogation of law. Decrease in the sex ratio is a 
sign of colossal calamity and it cannot be allowed to happen. Concrete steps have 
to be taken to increase the same so that invited social disasters do not befall on the 
society. The present generation is expected to be responsible to the posterity and 
not to take such steps to sterilise the birth rate in violation of law. The societal 
perception has to be metamorphosed having respect to legal postulates. 
46. Now, we shall advert to the prayers in Writ Petition (Civil) No. 575 of 2014. 
The writ petition has been filed by Indian Medical Association (IMA). It is 
contended that Sections 3-A, 4, 5, 6, 7, 16, 17, 20, 23, 25, 27 and 30 of the Act 
and Rules 9(4), 10 and Form F (including footnote), which being the subject-
matter of concern in the instant writ petition, are being misused and wrongly 
interpreted by the authorities concerned thereby causing undue harassment to the 
medical professionals all over the country under the guise of the “so-called 
implementation”. It is also urged that implementation of steps and scrutiny of 


=== PAGE 92 ===

 
92 
 
records was started at large scale all over the country and lot of anomalies were 
found in records maintained by doctors throughout the country. It is, however, 
pertinent to mention here that the majority of the defaults were of technical nature 
as they were merely minor and clerical errors committed occasionally and 
inadvertently in the filing of Form F. It is also put forth that the Act does not 
classify the offences and owing to the liberal and vague terminology used in the 
Act, it is thrown open for misuse by the implementing authorities concerned and 
has resulted into taking of cognizance of non-bailable (punishable by three years) 
offences against doctors even in the cases of clerical 
errors, for instance non-mentioning of NA (not applicable) or leaving of any 
column in Form F concerned as blank. It is further submitted that the said 
unfettered powers in the hands of implementing authority have resulted into 
turning of this welfare legislation into a draconian novel way of encouraging 
demands for bribery as well as there is no prior independent investigation as 
mandated under Section 17 of the Act by these authorities. It is also set forth that 
the Act states merely that any contravention with any of the provisions of the Act 
would be an offence punishable under Section 23(1) of the said Act and further all 
offences under the Act have been made non-bailable and non-compoundable and 
the misuse of the same can only be taken care of by ensuring that the appropriate 
authority applies its mind to the fact of each case/complaint and only on 
satisfaction of a prima facie case, a complaint be filed rather than launching 
prosecution mechanically in each case. With these averments, it has been prayed 
for framing appropriate guidelines and safeguard parameters, providing for 
classification of offences as well, so as to prohibit the misuse of the PCPNDT Act 
during implementation and to read down this Sections 6, 23, 27 of the PCPNDT 
Act. That apart, it has been prayed to add certain provisos/exceptions to Sections 
7, 17, 23 and Rule 9 of the Rules. 
47. In our considered opinion, whenever there is an abuse of the process of the 
law, the individual can always avail the legal remedy. As we find, neither the 
validity of the Act nor the Rules has been specifically assailed in the writ petition. 
What has been prayed is to read out certain provisions and to add certain 
exceptions. We are of the convinced view that the averments of the present nature 
with such prayers cannot be entertained and, accordingly, we decline to interfere. 
48. In the result, Writ Petition (Civil) No. 349 of 2006 stands disposed of in terms 
of the directions issued by us and Writ Petition (Civil) No. 575 of 2014 stands 
dismissed...” 
 
IN THE SUPREME COURT OF INDIA 
Dr. Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India & Ors. 
(2018) 3 SCC 229 
Dipak Misra C.J., and A.M. Khanwilkar and D.Y. Chandrachud, JJ. 


=== PAGE 93 ===

 
93 
 
This writ petition was filed seeking directions to the respondents to block all 
websites and advertisements appearing directly or indirectly on the respondent 
search engines, related to sex determination and sex selection. 
Misra, C.J.: “1. The instant writ petition has been filed by the petitioner, a public-
spirited person, for issue of necessary directions for the effective implementation 
of the provisions of the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques 
(Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 1994 (for brevity “the 1994 Act”). The reliefs 
sought in the writ petition are to command Respondents 1 and 2, namely, 
Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and Secretary, Ministry of 
Communication and Information Technology with the help of its agencies such as 
Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) to block all such websites, 
including that of Respondents 3 to 5, namely, Google India, Yahoo! India and 
Microsoft Corporation (I) (P) Ltd. and to stop all forms of promotion of sex 
selection such as advertisement on their websites as these violate the provisions of 
the 1994 Act, and further to issue a writ of mandamus to the said respondents to 
post the directions of this Court on the front page of their search engines so that 
there is widespread public awareness and further constitute a separate monitoring 
committee of the CERT and civil society members to check against any future 
violations. 
2. Before we address the lis that has arisen in the present writ petition and the 
orders passed on various occasions, it is necessary to state here that the 1994 Act 
was enacted by Parliament being conscious of the increase of female foeticides 
and resultant imbalance of sex ratio in the country. The Statement of Objects and 
Reasons of the 1994 Act reads as follows: 
“Statement of Objects and Reasons 
It is proposed to prohibit pre-natal diagnostic techniques for determination of sex 
of the foetus leading to female foeticide. Such abuse of techniques is 
discriminatory against the female sex and affects the dignity and status of women. 
A legislation is required to regulate the use of such techniques and to provide 
deterrent punishment to stop such inhuman act. 
2. The Bill, inter alia, provides for— 
(i) prohibition of the misuse of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for determination 
of sex of foetus, leading to female foeticide; 
(ii) prohibition of advertisement of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for detection 
or determination of sex; 
(iii) permission and regulation of the use of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for the 
purpose of detection of specific genetic abnormalities or disorders; 
(iv) permitting the use of such techniques only under certain conditions by the 
registered institutions; and 
(v) punishment for violation of the provisions of the proposed legislation.” 


=== PAGE 94 ===

 
94 
 
3. Be it noted, initially the legislation was named as the Pre-Natal Diagnostic 
Techniques (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) Act, 1994 and by Section 3 of 
the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) 
Amendment Act, 2002 the nomenclature of the 1994 Act has been amended 
which now stands as the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques 
(Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 1994 with effect from 1-1-1996. Preamble to 
the1994 Act reads as follows: 
“An Act to provide for the prohibition of sex selection, before or after conception, 
and for regulation of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for the purposes of detecting 
genetic abnormalities or metabolic disorders or chromosomal abnormalities or 
certain congenital malformations or sex-linked disorders and for the prevention of 
their misuse for sex determination leading to female foeticide and for matters 
connected therewith or incidental thereto.” 
4. At this juncture, we may profitably reproduce the “Introduction” to the 1994 
Act: 
“In the recent past Pre-Natal Diagnostic Centres sprang up in the urban areas of 
the country using pre-natal diagnostic techniques for determination of sex of the 
foetus. Such centres became very popular and their growth was tremendous as the 
female child is not welcomed with open arms in most of the Indian families. The 
result was that such centres became centres of female foeticide. Such abuse of the 
technique is against the female sex and affects the dignity and status of women. 
Various organisations working for the welfare and upliftment of the women raised 
their heads against such an abuse. It was considered necessary to bring out a 
legislation to regulate the use of, and to provide deterrent punishment to stop the 
misuse of, such techniques. The matter was discussed in Parliament and the Pre-
Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) Bill, 1991 
was introduced in the Lok Sabha. The Lok Sabha after discussions adopted a 
motion for reference of the said Bill to a Joint Committee of both the Houses of 
Parliament in September 1991. The Joint Committee presented its report in 
December 1992 and on the basis of the recommendations of the Committee, the 
Bill was reintroduced in Parliament.” 
5. The Introduction, the Statement of Objects and Reasons and the Preamble 
unmistakably project the scheme which is meant to prohibit the misuse of pre-
conception diagnostic techniques for determination of sex; to permit and regulate 
the use of pre-natal diagnostic techniques for the purpose of detection of specific 
genetic abnormalities or disorders; to permit the use of such techniques only 
under certain conditions by the registered institutions; and punish for violation of 
the provisions of the proposed legislation. Prior to the present incarnation of the 
1994 Act, a writ petition was filed before this Court by the Centre for Enquiry 
into Health and Allied Themes (Cehat) and others which has been disposed of on 
10-9-2003 in Cehat v. Union of India [Cehat v. Union of India, (2003) 8 SCC 
398] . In the said case, the two-Judge Bench expressed its anguish over 


=== PAGE 95 ===

 
95 
 
discrimination against girl child and how the sex selection/sex determination adds 
to the said adversity… 
6. The Court referred to its earlier order dated 4-5-2001 in Cehat v. Union of India 
[Cehat v. Union of India, (2001) 5 SCC 577] and taking note of various other 
directions which find place in Cehat v. Union of India [Cehat v. Union of India, 
(2003) 8 SCC 409] , Cehat v. Union of India[Cehat v. Union of India, (2003) 8 
SCC 410] and Cehat v. Union of India [Cehat v. Union of India, (2003) 8 SCC 
412] , issued the following directions: (Centre for Enquiry case [Cehat v. Union 
of India, (2003) 8 SCC 398] , SCC pp. 405-06, paras 6-7) 
“6. … (a) For effective implementation of the Act, information should be 
published by way of advertisements as well as on electronic media. This process 
should be continued till there is awareness in the public that there should not be 
any discrimination between male and female child. 
(b) Quarterly reports by the appropriate authority, which are submitted to the 
Supervisory Board should be consolidated and published annually for information 
of the public at large. 
(c) Appropriate authorities shall maintain the records of all the meetings of the 
Advisory Committees. 
(d) The National Inspection and Monitoring Committee constituted by the Central 
Government for conducting periodic inspection shall continue to function till the 
Act is effectively implemented. The reports of this Committee be placed before 
the Central Supervisory Board and State Supervisory Boards for any further 
action. 
(e) As provided under Rule 17(3), the public would have access to the records 
maintained by different bodies constituted under the Act. 
(f) The Central Supervisory Board would ensure that the following States appoint 
the State Supervisory Boards as per the requirement of Section 16-A: 
1. Delhi, 2. Himachal Pradesh, 3. Tamil Nadu, 4. Tripura, and 5. Uttar Pradesh. 
(g) As per the requirement of Section 17(3)(a), the Central Supervisory Board 
would ensure that the following States appoint the multi-member appropriate 
authorities: 
1. Jharkhand, 2. Maharashtra, 3. Tripura, 4. Tamil Nadu, and 5. Uttar Pradesh. 
7. It will be open to the parties to approach this Court in case of any difficulty in 
implementing the 
aforesaid directions.” 
7. The aforesaid directions show the concern of this Court as regards the strict 
compliance with the 1994 Act. 
8. Prior to proceeding to note the nature of interim directions that the Court has 
passed in the present case, it is necessary to refer to two other decisions. In 
Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India [Voluntary Health Assn. of 
Punjab v. Union of India, (2013) 4 SCC 1 : (2013) 2 SCC (Cri) 287] (the 1st), the 


=== PAGE 96 ===

 
96 
 
two-Judge Bench reflected on the sharp decline in the female sex ratio and 
observed thus: (SCC p. 5, para 6) 
“6. … There has been no effective supervision or follow-up action so as to 
achieve the object and purpose of the Act. Mushrooming of various sonography 
centres, genetic clinics, genetic counselling centres, genetic laboratories, 
ultrasonic clinics, imaging centres in almost all parts of the country calls for more 
vigil and attention by the authorities under the Act. But, unfortunately, their 
functioning is not being properly monitored or supervised by the authorities under 
the Act or to find out whether they are 
misusing the pre-natal diagnostic techniques for determination of sex of foetus 
leading to foeticide.” 
9. The Court, after dwelling upon many an aspect, proceeded to issue certain 
directions. In the concurring opinion, Direction 9.8 was elaborated and in that 
context, the opinion stated: (Voluntary Health Assn. case [Voluntary Health Assn. 
of Punjab v. Union of India, (2013) 4 SCC 1 : (2013) 2 SCC (Cri) 287] , SCC p. 
8, para 14) 
“14. Female foeticide has its roots in the social thinking which is fundamentally 
based on certain erroneous notions, egocentric traditions, perverted perception of 
societal norms and obsession with ideas which are totally individualistic sans the 
collective good. All involved in female foeticide deliberately forget to realise that 
when the foetus of a girl child is destroyed, a woman of the future is crucified. To 
put it differently, the present generation invites the sufferings on its own and also 
sows the seeds of suffering for the future generation, as in the ultimate eventuate, 
the sex ratio gets affected and leads to manifold social problems. I may hasten to 
add that no awareness campaign can ever be complete unless there is real focus on 
the prowess of women and the need for women empowerment.” 
… 
10. Elaborating the concept of awareness, it has been noted: (Voluntary Health 
Assn. case[Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, (2013) 4 SCC 1 : 
(2013) 2 SCC (Cri) 287] , SCC p. 13, paras 33-34) 
“33. It is difficult to precisely state how an awareness camp is to be conducted. It 
will depend uponwhat kind and strata of people are being addressed to. The 
persons involved in such awarenesscampaign are required to equip themselves 
with constitutional concepts, culture, philosophy,religion, scriptural commands 
and injunctions, the mandate of the law as engrafted under the Actand above all 
the development of modern science. It needs no special emphasis to state that 
inawareness camps while the deterrent facets of law are required to be 
accentuated upon, simultaneously the desirability of law to be followed with 
spiritual obeisance, regard being had to the purpose of the Act, has to be stressed 
upon. The seemly synchronisation shall bring the required effect. That apart, 
documentary films can be shown to highlight the need; and instil the idea in the 
mind of thepublic at large, for when the mind becomes strong, mountains do melt. 


=== PAGE 97 ===

 
97 
 
34. The people involved in the awareness campaigns should have boldness and 
courage. Thereshould not be any iota of confusion or perplexity in their thought or 
action. They should treat it as a problem and think that a problem has to be 
understood in a proper manner to afford a solution. They should bear in mind that 
they are required to change the mindset of the people, the grammar of the society 
and unacceptable beliefs inherent in the populace.” 
11. As the matter was not finally disposed of, it came up on various dates and the 
Court issued further directions and eventually the matter stood disposed of by a 
judgment dated 8-11-2016 in Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of 
India [Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, (2016) 10 SCC 265 : 
(2016) 10 SCC 275 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 56 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 66] (the 2nd)… 
12. …After recording various directions issued in earlier judgments and 
scrutinising the provisions of the 1994 Act the Court held thus: (Voluntary Health 
Assn. case [Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, (2016) 10 SCC 
265 :(2016) 10 SCC 275 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 56 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 66] , SCC 
p. 289, para 40) 
“40. It needs no special emphasis that a female child is entitled to enjoy equal 
right that a male child is allowed to have. The constitutional identity of a female 
child cannot be mortgaged to any kind of social or other concept that has 
developed or is thought of. It does not allow any room for any kind of 
compromise. It only permits affirmative steps that are constitutionally postulated. 
Be it clearly stated that when rights are conferred by the Constitution, it has to be 
understood that such rights are recognised regard being had to their naturalness 
and universalism. No one, let it be repeated, no one, endows any right to a female 
child or, for that matter, to a woman. The question of any kind of condescension 
or patronisation does not arise.” 
13. Speaking about the constitutional status of women and the brazed practice of 
sex identification and female foeticide, the Court stated: (Voluntary Health Assn. 
case [Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, (2016) 10 SCC 265 : 
(2016) 10 SCC 275 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 56 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 66] , SCC p. 
293, para 45) 
“45. Before parting with the case, let it be stated with certitude and without 
allowing any room for any kind of equivocation or ambiguity, the perception of 
any individual or group or organisation or system treating a woman with inequity, 
indignity, inequality or any kind of discrimination is constitutionally 
impermissible. The historical perception has to be given a prompt burial. Female 
foeticide is conceived by the society that definitely includes the parents because 
of unethical perception of life and nonchalant attitude towards law. The society 
that treats man and woman with equal dignity shows the reflections of a 
progressive and civilised society. To think that a woman should think what a man 
or a society wants her to think tantamounts to slaughtering her choice, and 
definitely a humiliating act. When freedom of free choice is allowed within 


=== PAGE 98 ===

 
98 
 
constitutional and statutory parameters, others cannot determine the norms as that 
would amount to acting in derogation of law. Decrease in the sex ratio is a sign of 
colossal calamity and it cannot be allowed to happen. Concrete steps have to be 
taken to increase the same so that invited social disasters do not befall on the 
society. The present generation is expected to be responsible to the posterity and 
not to take such steps to sterilise the birth rate in violation of law. The societal 
perception has to be metamorphosed having respect to legal postulates.” 
14. The purpose of our referring to the earlier judgments is only to emphasise 
upon the dignity, right and freedom of choice of a woman. It needs no special 
emphasis to assert that she has the equal constitutional status and identity… 
15. That being the legal position with regard to status of woman under the 
Constitution, we are required to analyse the relevant statutory provisions of the 
1994 Act. Section 22 of the 1994 Act that occurs in Chapter VII which deals with 
“Offences and Penalties” reads thus:… 
16. Section 23 deals with offences and penalties. Section 26 deals with offences 
by companies. It is as follows:… 
17. Referring to the said provisions, it is submitted by Mr Sanjay Parikh, learned 
counsel for the petitioner that the respondents cannot engage themselves in what 
is prohibited under the 1994 Act as it is their obligation to respect the law in letter 
and spirit and this Court should direct the respondent authorities to take stringent 
action against search engines. 
18. At this juncture, it is relevant to state that the Court on 16-2-2017 [Sabu 
Mathew George v. Union of India, (2017) 7 SCC 657 : (2017) 7 SCC 658 : (2017) 
4 SCC (Cri) 126 : (2017) 4 SCC (Cri) 127], after reflecting on the anguish 
expressed in Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab[Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab 
v. Union of India, (2016) 10 SCC 265 : (2016) 10 SCC 275 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 
56 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 66] (the 2nd), adverted to various aspects and observed 
thus: (Sabu Mathew case [Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2017) 7 SCC 
657 : (2017) 7 SCC 658 : (2017) 4 SCC (Cri) 126 : (2017) 4 SCC (Cri) 127], SCC 
pp. 659-62, paras 3-5) 
“3. The present writ petition was filed in 2008 by the petitioner, a doctor in the 
field of Public Health and Nutrition, expressing his concern about the modus 
operandi adopted by Respondents 3 to 5 to act in detriment to the fundamental 
conception of balancing of sex ratio by entertaining advertisements, either directly 
or indirectly or as alleged, in engaging themselves in violation of Section 22 of 
the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex 
Selection) Act, 1994 (for brevity “the 1994 Act”). Times without number, this 
Court has dwelt upon how to curb the said malady. In pursuance of our orders 
dated 5-7-2016 [Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2016) 14 SCC 418 : 
(2016) 14 SCC 419 : (2016) 4 SCC (Cri) 402 : (2016) 4 SCC (Cri) 403] and 25-7-
2016 [Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2016) 14 SCC 418 : (2016) 14 
SCC 420 : (2016) 4 SCC (Cri) 402 : (2016) 4 SCC (Cri) 404] , an affidavit was 


=== PAGE 99 ===

 
99 
 
filed by the competent authority of the Ministry of Electronics and Information 
Technology (MeitY), Government of India. 
4. Be it noted, when the matter was taken up on 19-9-2016 [Sabu Mathew George 
v. Union of India, (2017) 2 SCC 514 : (2017) 2 SCC 516 (2) : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 
754 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 757], it was submitted by Mr Ranjit Kumar, learned 
Solicitor General that a meeting was held with the three software companies, 
namely, Google India (P) Ltd., Yahoo! India and Microsoft Corporation (I) (P) 
Ltd. and the companies were asked to respond to certain questions. For the sake of 
completeness, it is necessary to reproduce the said questions: (Sabu Mathew case 
[Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2017) 2 SCC 514 : (2017) 2 SCC 516 
(2) : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 754 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 757] , SCC p. 517, para 4) 
‘(a) Whether the respondents feel obligated to comply with the provisions of the 
PC-PNDT Act, especially Section 22 of the Act as directed by this Hon'ble Court 
vide its order dated 28-1-2015 [Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2015) 11 
SCC 545 : (2015) 11 SCC 549: (2015) 4 SCC (Cri) 492 : (2015) 4 SCC (Cri) 
495]? 
(b) Whether the respondents are ready to publish a “warning message” on top of 
search result, as and when any user in India submits any “keyword searches” in 
search engines, which relates to pre-conception and pre-natal determination of sex 
or sex selection? 
(c) Whether the respondents are ready to block “autocomplete” failure for 
“keyword” searches which relate to pre-conception and/or pre-natal determination 
of sex or sex selection? 
(d) Whether the words/phrases relating to pre-conception and pre-natal 
determination of sex or sex selection to be provided and regularly updated by the 
Government for the “keyword search” or shall it be the onus of the respondents 
providing search engine facilities? 
(e) Whether it is feasible for the respondents to place this Hon'ble Court order 
dated 28-1-2015 [Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2015) 11 SCC 545 : 
(2015) 11 SCC 549 : (2015) 4 SCC (Cri) 492 : (2015) 4 SCC (Cri) 495] on their 
respective home page(s), instead of placing them on terms of service (TOS) 
pages? 
(f) What is the suggested timeline to incorporate “warning message”, blocking of 
the “autocomplete” feature for keyword search and related terms, etc. relating to 
pre-conception and pre-natal determination of sex or sex selection? 
(g) Any other information as the respondents would like to share?’ 
5. The responses to those questions were given by Respondents 3 to 5 and, 
thereafter, delving into the submissions which were assiduously canvassed by the 
learned counsel for the respondents, the following order was passed: (Sabu 
Mathew case [Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2017) 2 SCC 514 : (2017) 
2 SCC 516 (2) : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 754 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 757] , SCC pp. 521-
22, paras 7-10) 


=== PAGE 100 ===

 
100 
 
‘7. Explaining the same, it is submitted by the learned Solicitor General that all 
the three Companies are bound to develop a technique so that, the moment any 
advertisement or search is introduced into the system, that will not be projected or 
seen by adopting the method of “auto block”. To clarify, if any person tries to 
avail the corridors of these companies, this devise shall be adopted so that no one 
can enter/see the said advertisement or message or anything that is prohibited 
under the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of 
Sex Selection) Act, 1994 (for short “the Act”), specifically under Section 22 of 
the said Act. 
8. Mr Sanjay Parikh, learned counsel for the petitioner would contend that the 
Union of India should have taken further steps to see that the law of the country is 
totally obeyed by these three Companies, inasmuch as the commitment given by 
them or the steps taken by the Union of India are not adequate. He has pointed out 
from the affidavit filed by the petitioner that there are agencies which are still 
publishing advertisements from which it can be deciphered about the gender of 
the foetus. The learned counsel would submit that Section 22 of the Act has to be 
read along with the other provisions of the Act and it should be conferred an 
expansive meaning and should not be narrowly construed as has been done by the 
respondents. 
9. Mr Ranjit Kumar, learned Solicitor General at this juncture would submit that 
he has been apprised today only about the “proposed list of words” in respect of 
which when commands are given, there will be “auto block” with a warning and 
nothing would be reflected in the internet, as it is prohibited in India. We think it 
appropriate to reproduce the said “proposed list of words”. It reads as under:… 
10. At this juncture, Mr C.A. Sundaram, Mr K.V. Viswanathan, learned Senior 
Counsel, Mr Anupam Lal Das, learned counsel appearing for Google India, 
Microsoft Corporation (I) (P) Ltd. and Yahoo! India, respectively, have submitted 
that apart from the aforesaid words, if anyone, taking recourse to any kind of 
ingenuity, feeds certain words and something that is prohibited under the Act 
comes into existence, the “principle of auto block” shall be immediately applied 
and it shall not be shown. The learned counsel appearing for the search 
engines/intermediaries have submitted that they can only do this when it is 
brought to their notice. In our considered opinion, they are under obligation to see 
that the “doctrine of auto block” is applied within a reasonable period of time. It is 
difficult to accept the submission that once it is brought to their notice, they will 
do the needful. It need not be overemphasised that it has to be an in-house 
procedure/method to be introduced by the Companies, and we do so direct.’” 
19. On the basis of the order passed, an affidavit was filed by the Union of India 
which reflected its understanding of Section 22 of the 1994 Act. Considering the 
same, on 16-11-2016 [Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2017) 2 SCC 514 
: (2017) 2 SCC 523 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 754 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 763] , the 
following order was passed: (Sabu Mathew case [Sabu Mathew George v. Union 


=== PAGE 101 ===

 
101 
 
of India, (2017) 7 SCC 657 : (2017) 7 SCC 658 : (2017) 4 SCC (Cri) 126 : (2017) 
4 SCC (Cri) 127] , SCC pp. 662-63, para 6) 
“6. … ‘19. … “Section 22 and the Explanation appended to it is very wide and 
does not confine only to commercial advertisements. The intention of law is to 
prevent any message/communication which results in determination/selection of 
sex by any means whatsoever scientific or otherwise. The different ways in which 
the communication/messages are given by the internet/search engine which 
promote or tend to promote sex selection are prohibited under Section 22. The 
search engines should devise their own methods to stop the offending 
messages/advertisements/communication and if the compliance in accordance 
with law is not done Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology 
(MeitY), shall take action as they have already said in their affidavits dated 15-10-
2015 and 8-8-2016. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is concerned 
about the falling child sex ratio and is taking all possible actions to ensure that the 
provisions of the PC-PNDT Act are strictly implemented.”’ (Sabu Mathew case 
[Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2017) 2 SCC 514 : (2017) 2 SCC 523 : 
(2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 754 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 763] , SCC p. 526, para 19)” 
20. Thereafter the matter was heard at some length and pending the debate, the 
Court directed as follows: (Sabu Mathew case [Sabu Mathew George v. Union of 
India, (2017) 7 SCC 657 : (2017) 7 SCC 658 : (2017) 4 SCC (Cri) 126 : (2017) 4 
SCC (Cri) 127] , SCC pp. 663-65, paras 7-14) 
“7. … ‘21. At this stage, pending that debate, in addition to the earlier directions 
passed by this Court, we direct that the Union of India shall constitute a “Nodal 
Agency” and give due advertisement in television, newspapers and radio by 
stating that it has been created in pursuance of the order of this Court and anyone 
who comes across anything that has the nature of an advertisement or any impact 
in identifying a boy or a girl in any method, manner or mode by any search engine 
shall be brought to its notice. Once it is brought to the notice of the Nodal 
Agency, it shall intimate the search engine or the corridor provider concerned 
immediately and after receipt of the same, the search engines are obliged to delete 
it within thirty-six hours and intimate the Nodal Agency. Needless to say, this is 
an interim arrangement pending the discussion which we have noted hereinbefore. 
The Nodal Agency shall put the ultimate action taken by the search engine on its 
website.’ (Sabu Mathew case[Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2017) 2 
SCC 514 : (2017) 2 SCC 523 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 754 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 763] 
, SCC p. 527, para 21)  
8. In pursuance of the said order, the Union of India has filed an affidavit of the 
Joint Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India. 
Paras 3 and 4 of the said affidavit read as follows: 
‘3. In compliance with the court's directive, this Ministry has set up a single point 
contact for theNodal Agency to receive the complaints on violation of Section 22 
of the PC & PNDT Act, 1994. Details of the Nodal Agency are as under:… 


=== PAGE 102 ===

 
102 
 
4. That, further in compliance with directions, for advertising in television, 
newspaper and radio, appropriate steps are being undertaken and same shall be 
complied with at the earliest.’ In view of the aforesaid affidavit, we direct the 
Union of India to comply with Para 4 within a week hence. It shall be clearly 
mentioned that it is being done in pursuance of the order passed by this Court. 
9. At this juncture, Mr Sanjay Parikh, learned counsel appearing for the petitioner, 
has drawn our attention to the additional affidavit filed on behalf of Respondent 3, 
especially to Paras 6(b) and (c). They read as follows: 
‘6. (b) There are innumerable activities banned by law, e.g. using a bomb to kill 
people, murder, rape, prostitution, pornography, etc., nevertheless, there is no 
dearth of information available under each of these heads in both the offline and 
online world. Just because a particular activity is morally repugnant, illegal or 
prohibited under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code and other applicable 
laws, does not mean that everyone in the world is disentitled from having any 
form of information about the subject. 
(c) This would be in complete violation of Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution of 
India, which firstly includes the right to know, secondly, right to receive and 
thirdly, right to access the information or any content, etc.’ 
10. Refuting Para 6(b) of the affidavit learned Solicitor General has submitted that 
he will file a response to the same. His instant reaction was that the said paragraph 
contravenes the letter and spirit of Section 22 of the 1994 Act. Additionally, it is 
contended by him that Para 6(b) is not saved by Article 19(1)(a) of the 
Constitution of India as asserted in Para (c). At this juncture, Ms Ruby Ahuja, 
learned counsel appearing for Respondent 3, has submitted that the said 
respondent has no intention to disrespect or disobey or even remotely think of 
contravening any law(s) of this country and she undertakes to file a clarificatory 
affidavit within three weeks. 
11. It is necessary to take note of another submission advanced by Mr Parikh, 
learned counsel with the assistance of Ms Ninni Susan Thomas, learned counsel 
for the petitioner. It is urged by him that despite the order passed on 19-9-2016 
[Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2017) 2 SCC 514 : (2017) 2 SCC 516 
(2) : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 754 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 757] , that Respondents 3 to 5 
shall undertake the exercise of principle of “auto block”, the literature and write-
ups that would tempt the people to go for male child which ultimately lead to 
reduction of sex ratio, is still being shown in certain websites. The said websites 
were shown to Mr K.V. Viswanathan, Mr Anupam Lal Das and Ms Ruby Ahuja. 
The learned counsel appearing for the respondents have submitted 
that they will verify the same and the context. Additionally, it is canvassed by Mr 
Viswanathan with immense vehemence that it does not come within the proposed 
list of words that find mention in the order dated 19-9-2016 [Sabu Mathew 
George v. Union of India, (2017) 2 SCC 514 : (2017) 2 SCC 516 (2) : (2017) 1 


=== PAGE 103 ===

 
103 
 
SCC (Cri) 754 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 757] , and, therefore, it cannot be construed 
as a violation. Be that as it may. 
12. We reiterate our direction dated 19-9-2016 [Sabu Mathew George v. Union of 
India, (2017) 2 SCC 514 : (2017) 2 SCC 516 (2) : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 754 : 
(2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 757] , and further add that Respondents 3 to 5 shall appoint 
their “in-house expert body” which shall take steps to see that if any words or any 
key words that can be shown in the internet which has the potentiality to go 
counter to Section 22 of the 1994 Act, should be deleted forthwith. 
13. Presently, we shall advert to Paras 3 and 4 of the affidavit of the Union of 
India which we have reproduced hereinabove. As the Nodal Agency has already 
been constituted, it will be open to the petitioner or any person that the Nodal 
Agency shall take it up and intimate Respondents 3 to 5 so that they will do the 
needful. That apart, the “in-house expert body” that is directed to be constituted, if 
not already constituted, shall on its own understanding delete anything that 
violates the letter and spirit of the language of Section 22 of the 1994 Act and, in 
case there is any doubt, they can enter into communication with the Nodal 
Agency appointed by the Union of India and, thereafter, they will be guided by 
the suggestion of the Nodal Agency of the Union of India. Be it clarified, the 
present order is passed so that Respondents 3 to 5 become responsive to the 
Indian law. 
14. Let the matter be listed on 11-4-2017, for further hearing.” 
21. On 13-4-2017 [Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2017) 7 SCC 657 : 
(2017) 7 SCC 665 (2) : (2017) 4 SCC (Cri) 126 : (2017) 4 SCC (Cri) 133 (2)] 
taking note of the submissions of the learned counsel for the parties and Section 
22 of the 1994 Act, the Court passed the following order: (Sabu Mathew case 
[Sabu Mathew George v. Union of India, (2017) 7 SCC 657 : (2017) 7 SCC 665 
(2) : (2017) 4 SCC (Cri) 126 : (2017) 4 SCC (Cri) 133 (2)] , SCC pp. 666-67, 
paras 20-25) 
“20. Mr Parekh has drawn our attention to certain search results. One such result 
is “medical tourism in India”. It is pointed out by Mr Parekh that it deals with 
“gender determination” in India which is prohibited by the aforesaid provision. 
21. At this juncture, Mr Salve, Dr Singhvi and Mr Das, learned counsel for the 
respondents submitted that the keywords are “medical tourism in India” which do 
not offend the provision. It is the “originator” of the blog who has used the 
offensive words in the contents of the website and in such a situation the Nodal 
Officer of the Union of India can block the website as per the Act. 
22. Be it noted, in pursuance of the order [Sabu Mathew George v. Union of 
India, (2017) 2 SCC514 : (2017) 2 SCC 516 (2) : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 754 : (2017) 
1 SCC (Cri) 757] passed by this Court, the respondents have appointed their own 
“in-house” experts. It is accepted by the learned counsel for the respondents that 
they have never indulged in any kind of advertisement as contemplated under 
Section 22 of the Act and nor do they have any kind of intention to cause any 


=== PAGE 104 ===

 
104 
 
violation of the said mandate. It is further accepted by them that they will not 
sponsor any advertisement as provided under Section 22 of the Act. The learned 
counsel for the respondents would contend, and rightly, that they do not intend to 
take an adversarial position with the petitioner but on the contrary to play a 
participative and cooperative role so that the law made by the Parliament of India 
to control sex selection and to enhance the sex ratio is respected. It is further 
accepted by them that if the Nodal Officer of the Union of India communicates to 
any of the respondents with regard to any offensive material that contravenes 
Section 22, they will block it. 
23. Needless to say, the intimation has to be given to the respondents. The Nodal 
Officers appointed in the States under the Act are also entitled to enter into 
communication with the respondents for which they have no objection. The action 
taken report, as further acceded to, shall be sent to the Nodal Officer. Be it stated, 
the names of the Nodal Officers have been mentioned in the affidavit filed by the 
Union of India dated 11-11-2016. 
24. At this juncture, it is necessary to state that volumes of literature under various 
heads come within the zone of the internet and in this virtual world the idea what 
is extremely significant is “only connect”. Therefore, this Court has recorded the 
concession of the respondents so that the sanctity of the Act is maintained and 
there is no grievance on any score or any count by anyone that his curiosity for his 
search for anything is not met with and scuttled. To elaborate, if somebody 
intends to search for “medical tourism in India” he is entitled to search as long as 
the content does not frustrate or defeat the restriction postulated under Section 22 
of the Act. It is made clear that there is no need on the part of anyone to infer that 
it creates any kind of curtailment in his right to access information, knowledge 
and wisdom and his freedom of expression. What is stayed is only with regard to 
violation of Section 22 of the Act. We may further add that freedom of expression 
included right to be informed and right to know and feeling of protection of 
expansive connectivity. 
25. As agreed to by the learned counsel for the parties, let the matter be listed on 
5-9-2017 so that the outcome of this acceptance will be plain as day.” 
…………… 
23. The said submissions are refuted by Dr Abhishek Manu Singhvi and Mr K.V. 
Viswanathan, learned Senior Counsel appearing for Google India and Microsoft 
Corporation (I) (P) Ltd. respectively. Mr Anupam Lal Das, learned counsel 
appearing on behalf of Yahoo! India, would submit that “content” can only be 
removed, once it is pointed out by the Nodal Agency and further there are 
generators who can make permutations and combinations, which will be very 
difficult on the part of the search engine to remove. 
24. At this juncture, Mr Parikh has drawn our attention to Paras 12, 13, 14 and 19 
of Annexure C to the affidavit filed on behalf of the petitioner. They are extracted 
below: 


=== PAGE 105 ===

 
105 
 
“12. Google also has automated systems that analyse the tens of millions of new 
ads created by advertisers every day. … 
13. Google also relies on its users and on other advertisers to report improper 
advertisements. … 
14. In 2014, Google has already disapproved over 428 million advertisements 
(most of which never generated a single impression), it has prevented ads from 
linking to over one million websites, and it has suspended or terminated over 
9,00,000 advertiser accounts for violations of Google's AdWords policies. The 
vast majority of these actions were taken as a result of Google's proactive systems 
rather than as a result of outside complaints. 
… 
25. Ms Ruby Ahuja, learned counsel assisting Dr Abhishek Manu Singhvi, 
learned Senior Counsel, appearing for the Google India would submit that certain 
paragraphs which have been put forth in the affidavit filed by Mr Sanjay Parikh 
are not relevant as they do not relate to paid advertisements. Whether those 
paragraphs are relevant or not, we are directing the respondents to find out a 
solution. We make it clear that we have not expressed any opinion on the nature 
of the solution, which the experts of the above-mentioned entities shall find and 
implement. 
26. We have been apprised by Ms Pinky Anand, learned Additional Solicitor 
General appearing for the Union of India that pursuant to the directions of this 
Court, a Nodal Agency has already been constituted and it is working in right 
earnest and whenever it receives any complaint, it intimates the search engine and 
contents are removed. 
27. Mr Parikh would submit that there are various other ways by which contents 
can be removed so that the impact would become evident. 
28. Weighing the rivalised submissions at the Bar, we direct the Nodal Agency 
and the Expert Committee to hold a meeting and have the assistance of Mr Sanjay 
Parikh and his team so that there can be a holistic understanding and approach to 
the problem. The Nodal Agency and the Expert Committee shall also call upon 
the representatives of Google India, Yahoo! India and Microsoft Corporation (I) 
(P) Ltd., who are directed to appear before the Committee and offer their 
suggestions. There has to be a constructive and collective approach to arrive at a 
solution together with the Expert Committee and the search engine owners. They 
are obliged under law to find solutions if something gets projected in 
contravention of the 1994 Act. The effective solution is the warrant of the 
obtaining situation. We are using the word “solution”, keeping in view our earlier 
orders and the suggestions given by the competent authority of the Union of India. 
The duty of all concerned is to see that the mandate of the 1994 Act is 
scrupulously followed. Keeping aforesaid in view, a meeting shall be held within 
six weeks hence. All the suggestions or possibilities must be stated in writing 


=== PAGE 106 ===

 
106 
 
before the Committee so that appropriate and properly informed measures are 
taken. 
29. We are sure that the Union of India and its Committee will be in a position to 
take appropriate steps so that the mandate of the 1994 Act is not violated and the 
falling sex ratio in the country, as has been noted in Cehat [Cehat v. Union of 
India, (2003) 8 SCC 398] , [Cehat v. Union of India, (2001) 5 SCC 577] , [Cehat 
v. Union of India, (2003) 8 SCC 409] , [Cehat v. Union of India, (2003) 8 SCC 
410] , [Cehat v. Union of India, (2003) 8 SCC 412] , Voluntary Health Assn. of 
Punjab [Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, (2013) 4 SCC 1 : 
(2013) 2 SCC (Cri) 287] (the 1st) and Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab 
[Voluntary Health Assn. of Punjab v. Union of India, (2016) 10 SCC 265 : (2016) 
10 SCC 275 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 56 : (2017) 1 SCC (Cri) 66] (the 2nd), does not 
remain a haunting problem. 
30. We are constrained to say so as many are guided by inappropriate exposure to 
the internet. The respondents have a role to control it and if any concrete 
suggestion is given by the petitioner, the same shall be incorporated. We 
command Google India, Yahoo! India and Microsoft Corporation (I) (P) Ltd. to 
cooperate and give their point of view for the purpose of a satisfactory solution 
instead of taking a contesting stand before the Expert Committee. 
31. With the aforesaid directions, the writ petition stands disposed of. If there will 
be any further grievance, liberty is granted to the petitioner to file a fresh writ 
petition…” 
 
 
*********************** 
 
 


=== PAGE 107 ===

 
107 
 
Judicial Training and Research Institute, U.P., Lucknow 
 
The Institute was established by the Government of Uttar Pradesh in pursuance 
of a decision taken at All India Conference of the Chief Justices of High Courts in 
August/September, 1985 in New Delhi. This landmark conference which was also 
attended by the Chief Ministers and the Law Ministers of the States, mooted the idea of 
providing institutional induction and in-service training to the judges of the subordinate 
courts in the country. The initiative of the state government after being readily agreed to 
by the Hon’ble High Court of Judicature at Allahabad, saw the Institute coming into 
existence and becoming functional on 25th April, 1987 with Hon'ble Mr. Justice K.N. 
Goyal as its first honorary Director. Sri Vinod Singh Rawat is its present Director. 
The institute has been established with the overall vision of ensuring ceaseless 
upgradation of skills and appropriate attitudinal reorientation through induction level and 
in-service training in consonance with the imperatives of national and global 
environment.  
In the training programmes, case studies, discussion sessions, exercises and 
activity-based studies; book review and case law presentation are used extensively. To 
make the discussion effective, background material is given before discussion. This helps 
the trainees to develop analytical skills and decision-making power in addition to enable 
them in writing orders/judgments. 
Keeping in view that in a healthy mind rests a healthy body, the institute has 
established and developed a gymnasium with latest equipments and machines. The 
physical training is compulsory part of the training programmes organized by the 
institute. The facilities of gym have been made available to the trainee officers as well as 
faculty members. 
The Institute believes in continuous involvement of officers in sports activities to 
relieve the stress and keep them healthy. Besides Volley Ball and Carom, the hostel is 
also having Badminton Court as well as Table-tennis facilities. The hostel is fully 
furnished and equipped with the best house-keeping and hospitality facilities. The 
institute has a big air-conditioned Dining Hall with a dining capacity of about 150 
persons at a time. The dining Hall is housed with the officers’ hostel in one and the same 
building. 
Judicial reasoning, indeed, is both an art and a science to be cultivated by every 
judge through study, reflection and hard work. The institute has a beautiful and big 
library housed into two spacious air-conditioned halls in the ‘Training Wing’ with one 
being dedicated to law books, law digest, encyclopedia, commentaries and general books 
including classics, biographies, fictions (Hindi and English both) memoirs, letters, 
speeches, words and phrases, books of philosophy, religion, history, politics, computer, 
management, personality development etc. and the other wing is exclusively meant for 
storing Journals. This centre of knowledge has more than 25000 books. The institute has 
been subscribing 15 Law Journals of varied nature, seven newspapers and four 
magazines. The library has All England Law Reports from 1936 to 2014, Halsbury’s 
Laws of India from 2004 to 2008, Halsbury’s Laws of England from 1973 to 1987 and 
Corpus Juris Secundum from Vol. 1 to 101A. The institute is working on to develop e-
knowledge hub and e-library in near future. 
 


