=== PAGE 3 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Michele Yelmene
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
NDA 214133 MA 14
                                                                                                    Page 3

       o  “67% of patients who moved on to the second part of the study had normal
          cortisol levels by the end of the study”

The claim, “67% of patients who moved on to the second part of the study had normal cortisol
levels by the end of the study” (emphasis original), misleadingly overstates the efficacy of
Recorlev. According to the CLINICAL STUDIES section of the PI, the SONICS study (Study
2) consisted of three phases (dose titration, maintenance, and extended evaluation). Out of
the 94 patients who enrolled in the study and entered the dose titration phase, 77 patients
“moved on to the second part of the study” (i.e., maintenance phase). At the end of the
maintenance phase, only 29 of those 77 (38%) patients had normal cortisol levels. By the end
of the extended evaluation phase, the number of patients with normal cortisol levels
decreased to 16 of those 77 (21%) patients. We acknowledge that according to the PI, 67%
of patients in the SONICS study had normal cortisol levels at the end of the titration phase;
however, the titration phase was not the “end of the study.” In addition, regardless of whether
the end of the maintenance phase or extended evaluation phase is considered the “end of
the study,” both phases failed to attain the results claimed on the webpage, with 38% and
21% of patients reaching normal cortisol levels, respectively, rather than 67%. Therefore,
suggesting that 67% of patients who “moved on to the second part of the study” had normal
cortisol levels by the end of the study significantly overstates the efficacy of the product.

Furthermore, the presentation omits material information necessary to interpret any study
results from the SONICS study (Study 2). Specifically, the CLINICAL STUDIES section of
the PI states, “[b]ecause 51% of patients discontinued treatment prematurely due to adverse
reaction, lack of efficacy, or other reasons, these results should be interpreted with caution.”
The omission of this material information from the webpage undermines the ability of the
reader to understand and evaluate the study results presented and thereby creates a
misleading impression about the drug’s efficacy.

The “What is Recorlev®?” webpage also includes the following claim regarding the LOGICS
study (emphasis original):

*   “Recorlev - More patients (52%) who were on a stable and steady dose of Recorlev
    had normal cortisol levels”

This claim creates a misleading impression regarding the efficacy of Recorlev because it
implies that the results represent the general experience of patients with the drug. On the
contrary, the results presented are based on a small, select subset of patients enrolled in the
study who had already demonstrated that they were able to tolerate and respond to the drug.

According to the CLINICAL STUDIES section of the PI, the LOGICS study (Study 1)
consisted of two phases, a dose titration and maintenance phase followed by a randomized
withdrawal phase. Seventy-nine patients entered the dose titration and maintenance phase.
Patients who achieved a stable therapeutic dose for at least 4 weeks and achieved a normal
mean urinary free cortisol (i.e., “normal cortisol levels”) at the end of the dose titration and

Reference ID: 5186528
