=== PAGE 4 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Michele Yelmene
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
NDA 214133 MA 14                                                                       Page 4

maintenance phase were eligible for the withdrawal phase. Only 39 patients with “normal
cortisol levels” entered the withdrawal phase (37 from the dose titration and maintenance
phase of the LOGICS study and 2 directly from a separate study as allowed by the LOGICS
study design). Over half of the patients who entered the titration and maintenance phase of
the LOGICS study discontinued for various reasons, including experiencing adverse
reactions and lack of efficacy. Of the 39 patients that continued to the withdrawal phase of
the study, 21 were randomized to Recorlev, and 18 to placebo. It is only out of those 21
patients in the Recorlev group (from the 79 that underwent dose titration) that 52% (11/21)
achieved “normal cortisol levels” at the end of the withdrawal phase. Thus, it is misleading to
suggest that the results from this enriched patient population represent the general
experience expected in patients who take Recorlev.

**False or Misleading Risk Presentation**

Promotional communications misbrand a drug if they are false or misleading with respect to
risk. The determination of whether a promotional communication is misleading includes,
among other things, not only representations made or suggested in the promotional
communication, but also the extent to which the promotional communication fails to reveal
facts material in light of the representations made or with respect to consequences that may
result from the use of the drug as recommended or suggested in the promotional
communication.

The “Taking Recorlev®” webpage includes the following presentation under the header
“Monitoring and side effects” (emphasis original):

*   “Monitoring”
    *   “As with other medicines for Cushing’s, monitoring by your doctor is important
        so they know how you’re doing”
    *   . . .
    *   “Heart and liver tests before and during treatment with Recorlev will help your doctor
        avoid side effects”
*   “Possible side effects”
    *   “Side effects can occur with Recorlev, including some that are serious”

This presentation minimizes the serious and significant risks associated with the use of
Recorlev by acknowledging that “[s]ide effects can occur with Recorlev, including some that
are serious,” without discussing information regarding Recorlev’s boxed warnings or specific
side effects associated with the drug, including those that are potentially fatal. Additionally,
this presentation suggests that heart and liver tests alone will enable patients to “avoid” side
effects altogether. As noted above, the PI for Recorlev includes boxed warnings for
hepatotoxicity and QT prolongation. The risk of hepatotoxicity has been associated with use

Reference ID: 5186528
