=== PAGE 2 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Michele Yelmene
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
NDA 214133 MA 14

                                                            Page 2

                                  Limitations of Use
RECORLEV is not approved for the treatment of fungal infections. The safety and
effectiveness of RECORLEV for the treatment of fungal infections have not been
established.

The PI for Recorlev contains boxed warnings regarding the risks of hepatotoxicity and QT
prolongation. Recorlev is contraindicated in patients with cirrhosis, acute liver disease or
poorly controlled chronic liver disease, baseline AST or ALT greater than 3 times the upper
limit of normal, recurrent symptomatic cholelithiasis, a prior history of drug induced liver
injury due to ketoconazole or any azole antifungal therapy that required discontinuation of
treatment, or extensive metastatic liver disease; in patients taking drugs that cause QT
prolongation associated with ventricular arrhythmias, including torsades de pointes; in
patients with a prolonged QTcF interval of greater than 470 msec at baseline, history of
torsades de pointes, ventricular tachycardia, ventricular fibrillation, or long QT syndrome
(including first-degree family history); in patients with known hypersensitivity to
levoketoconazole, ketoconazole or any excipient in RECORLEV; and in patients taking
certain drugs that are sensitive substrates of CYP3A4 or CYP3A4 and P-gP. In addition, the
PI for Recorlev includes warnings and precautions regarding hypercortisolism,
hypersensitivity reactions, and risks related to decreased testosterone. The most common
adverse reactions (incidence > 20%) reported with Recorlev were nausea/vomiting,
hypokalemia, hemorrhage/contusion, systemic hypertension, headache, hepatic injury,
abnormal uterine bleeding, erythema, fatigue, abdominal pain/dyspepsia, arthritis, upper
respiratory infection, myalgia, arrhythmia, back pain, insomnia/sleep disturbances, and
peripheral edema.

False or Misleading Claims about Efficacy

Prescription drug advertisements and labeling (promotional communications) misbrand a
drug if they are false or misleading with respect to efficacy. The determination of whether a
promotional communication is misleading includes, among other things, not only
representations made or suggested in the promotional communication, but also the extent to
which the promotional communication fails to reveal facts material in light of the
representations made or with respect to consequences that may result from the use of the
drug as recommended or suggested in the promotional communication.

The “What is Recorlev®?” webpage includes the following presentation regarding the
SONICS study (emphasis original):

*   “The SONICS clinical study supported the efficacy and safety results from
    LOGICS”
    *   “31% of patients had normal cortisol levels after taking Recorlev for 6 months
        without changing their dose”


Reference ID: 5186528
