=== PAGE 5 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
Michele Yelmene
Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
NDA 214133 MA 14

Page 5

of oral ketoconazole³ and has led to fatal outcomes or the need for liver transplantation.
Similarly, the risk of QT prolongation associated with Recorlev has resulted in life-threatening
ventricular dysrhythmias. The webpage's presentation is especially concerning given that a
number of patients taking Recorlev in clinical studies experienced these potentially life-
threatening side effects. For example, the WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS section of the
PI states that 13% of patients using Recorlev experienced drug-induced liver injury, and
14.7% of patients experienced a change-from-baseline QTcF >60 msec. The PI also notes
that Recorlev is associated with multiple other serious and potentially life-threatening risks
unrelated to heart or liver problems, as well as numerous common adverse reactions, many
of which occurred in more than 20% of patients treated with the drug.

We acknowledge that risk information for Recorlev is presented separately in the
“INDICATION AND IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION” section of the webpage.
However, this does not mitigate the misleading impression created by the “Monitoring and
side effects” presentation because the boxed warnings are relegated to the middle of this
consolidated risk section, after the contraindications and indication and use statement, and
without any significant signal to alert the viewer to them. The overall effect of this webpage's
presentation of risk information undermines the communication of the significant and
potentially fatal risks associated with Recorlev and thereby misleadingly minimizes the risks
associated with the use of Recorlev.

Conclusion and Requested Action

For the reasons discussed above, the webpages misbrand Recorlev within the meaning of
the FD&C Act and make its distribution violative. 21 U.S.C. 352(a), (n); 321(n), 331(a). See
21 CFR 202.1 (e)(3)(i); (e)(5).

This letter notifies you of our concerns and provides you with an opportunity to address them.
OPDP requests that Xeris cease any violations of the FD&C Act. Please submit a written
response to this letter within 15 working days from the date of receipt, addressing the
concerns described in this letter, listing all promotional communications (with the 2253
submission date) for Recorlev that contain representations like those described above, and
explaining any plan for discontinuing use of such communications, or for ceasing distribution
of Recorlev.

If you believe that your products are not in violation of the FD&C Act, please include in your
submission to us your reasoning and any supporting information for our consideration within
15 working days from the date of receipt of this letter.

The concerns discussed in this letter do not necessarily constitute an exhaustive list of
potential violations. It is your responsibility to ensure compliance with each applicable
requirement of the FD&C Act and FDA implementing regulations.

---
³ Ketoconazole is the racemic mixture from which levoketoconazole is derived.

Reference ID: 5186528
