=== PAGE 1 ===

COMPLETE PAGE ANALYSIS:
--------------------------------------------------
The following is the extracted text content from the PDF page:

(Image: A circular seal is present on the top left of the page. It contains a stylized depiction of a bird's head and wings, with the text "DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES • USA" encircling it. Below this seal, the phrase "DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES" is written in larger font.)

                                                              Public Health Service

                                                              Food and Drug Administration
                                                              Silver Spring, MD 20993

Kimberly Skopitz, RAC
Director of Regulatory Affairs
Kowa Pharmaceuticals America, Inc.
530 Industrial Blvd.
Montgomery, AL 36117

RE: NDA 022363
     LIVALO® (pitavastatin) tablet, for oral use
     MA 609

Dear Ms. Skopitz:

The Office of Prescription Drug Promotion (OPDP) of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has reviewed a direct-to-consumer patient testimonial video montage (video) (LIV-MT-
3158) posted on the website YouTube.com¹ for LIVALO® (pitavastatin) tablet, for oral use
(Livalo) and submitted by Kowa Pharmaceuticals America, Inc. (Kowa) under cover of Form
FDA 2253. This video makes false or misleading claims and/or representations about the
risks associated with Livalo. Thus, the video misbrands Livalo within the meaning of the
Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FD&C Act), and makes its distribution violative. 21
U.S.C. 352(a), (n); 321(n); 331(a). See 21 CFR 202.1(e)(5); 202.1(e)(7)(viii). This video is
concerning from a public health perspective because it creates a misleading impression
regarding the side effects a patient may experience as a result of Livalo treatment and
deemphasizes the risks associated with taking the drug. High cholesterol is a significant
public health concern in the United States. Millions of Americans require medication to treat
their high cholesterol. These treatments may involve serious risks and patients using these
products, such as Livalo, should not be misled regarding the risks associated with their use.
The video is especially concerning given that Livalo is associated with a number of serious
risks, including the risk of skeletal muscle effects (e.g., myopathy and rhabdomyolysis with
acute renal failure secondary to myoglobinuria).

Background

Below are the indication and summary of the most serious and most common risks
associated with the use of Livalo.² According to the FDA-approved product labeling (PI)³:

¹ This video is available on the internet at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijUPrJNU3g (last accessed
09/24/2019). It was also previously available on the internet at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9loKRSQHJ4 (last accessed 07/10/2019).
² This information is for background purposes only and does not necessarily represent the risk information that
should be included in the promotional piece cited in this letter.
³ The version of the Livalo PI referred to in this letter is dated November 2016.


Reference ID: 4496702
